Executive Management
Get to know our leadership team.
Our senior management team brings decades of experience in financial services and a passion for creating solutions for customers.
Darryl J. Fess
President & CEO
Mr. Fess joined Brookline Bank in May 2010 as Vice President. In August, 2011, he was promoted to SVP, Division Executive, Commercial Real Estate Lending and became President & CEO of Brookline Bank on September 21, 2016. From 1998-2010 he was a Senior Vice President in Commercial Real Estate Lending at Wainwright Bank & Trust Company serving as a member of the management committee responsible for strategic planning, new business development, and sales process improvements. Prior to that, from 1991-1997, he served as an Assistant Vice President at Grove Bank in Chestnut Hill until its acquisition by Citizens Bank, where he was also an Assistant Vice President from 1997-1998.Mr. Fess holds a Masters of Business Administration from Providence College in Providence, RI and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Boston University. Mr. Fess is also a graduate of the American Bankers Association Stonier Graduate School of Banking. Mr. Fess serves on the Board of Directors for Supportive Living Inc., a nonprofit based in Woburn dedicated to supporting survivors of brain injuries.
Robert E. Brown
EVP & Division Executive, Commercial Real Estate
Mr. Brown serves as Brookline Bank’s Executive Vice President and Division Executive of Commercial Real Estate. Bob joined the Bank in October 2010 and was a SVP, Team Leader of CRE Lending prior to assuming his new role. Prior to that, he was a SVP and Market Manager for KeyBank’s CRE Income Property Group.Bob is currently on the Board of the Real Estate Finance Association and is involved in NAIOP and RELA. Bob earned his bachelor’s degree in Real Estate and Urban Economics from the University of Connecticut and resides in Hopkinton, MA with his wife and three children.
Leslie Joannides-Burgos
EVP & Division Executive, Retail and Business Banking
Ms. Joannides-Burgos is Brookline Bank’s Executive Vice President and Division Executive of Retail and Business Banking. Leslie joined the Bank in November 2012 as a Regional Vice President. Prior to her joining Brookline Bank, Leslie served as SVP and Regional Manager at Citizens Bank. She serves on the Board of Directors of Operation A.B.L.E., which provides employment and training opportunities to job seekers from diverse backgrounds. Leslie holds a BA in Business Administration from the University of Central Florida and is a graduate of the American Bankers Association Stonier Graduate School of Banking. She resides in Franklin, MA with her husband. They have 2 grown children, and all are avid New England sports fans.
David B. L’Heureux
EVP & Division Executive, Commercial Banking
Mr. L’Heureux, Brookline Bank’s Executive Vice President of Commercial Banking, joined the Bank in April of 2019.  He has held several senior leadership positions in commercial banking at a leading global financial institutions giving him a robust knowledge of the New England market and expertise in capital structures, treasury management, interest rate and foreign exchange management, as well as international trade. David is a resident of Burlington, MA, holds a BS in Business Administration from Merrimack College and an MBA in Finance from Bentley University.


Deposit XPress (Remote Deposit)
Time is precious. That’s why we make it easy to deposit funds quickly and securely without making a trip to the bank or ATM — with Deposit XPress.
Bank Right from Your Desk
Deposit XPress allows you to make check deposits remotely from your place of business using your PC and a special scanner, or while away from the office via smartphone or tablet. Deposits are made easier and at your convenience, including nights and weekends.
Improve Cash Flow and Availability
Businesses that use Deposit XPress benefit from improved cash flow and better funds availability, along with faster notice of returned checks to start collection efforts earlier. Deposit XPress is like having a Brookline Bank branch right in your office, enabling you to make deposits quickly, securely, and easily.
Deposit XPress Mobile
Make deposits from any location using your smartphone or tablet. Just take a picture of the check, submit the image, and receive instant confirmation. The Brookline Bank Deposit XPress app is available on the Apple® App Store or Google PlayTM.


Business Credit Card
A Brookline Bank Business Credit Card helps you improve cash flow, increase buying power, and better track your business and employee expenses. We offer a choice of Mastercard® or Visa®, each with a Standard card or Preferred Points rewards option.
Features:
Low, or no annual fee depending on the type of card you choose.
Competitive APR.
25-day interest-free grace period on all purchases.
Additional Benefits:
24-hour live customer assistance available at 800-367-7576.
Online account information available 24/7 at cardaccount.net
Rental car insurance plus a host of additional Mastercard benefits.


Account Alerts
Account Alerts can help you identify potentially fraudulent or unauthorized transactions.
Alerts Available in Online & Mobile Banking
The fastest way to receive Alerts is by text message*, but they may also be sent by email and in-app message. 
User Alerts:
Login from another device 
Password change
Username change 
Email address change
Mobile phone change
Balance and Transaction Alerts
Bill Pay Alerts
*Please note that your wireless carrier’s charges may apply.
How to Review and Edit Alerts
User Alerts:
After logging in, select Dashboard from the Account Menu.
At bottom, left hand corner of the screen, click on your name/picture.
Choose Settings >> User Alerts, and the delivery method (text, email, and in-app message).
Select Save
Balance and Transaction Alerts:
After logging in, select the account for which you want the Alert.
From the Account Menu, select Alert Preferences.
Choose the Alert type and the delivery method (text, email, and in-app message).
Select Add Alert.
(Please note that alerts for Business Online Banking differ from the above.)
Bill Pay Alerts:
For Personal Bill Pay Alerts:
After logging in, select Payments from the Main Menu
Then select Payment Center
Once in the Payment center, select My Account >> Notifications >> View Alerts.
For Business Bill Pay Alerts (called e-Notifications):
After logging in, select Payments from the Main Menu
Then select Payment Center
Once in the Payment center, select Options >> e-Notifications.


Card Payment Processing
Cutting-edge payment solutions with local service.
We have chosen Paystri, a Salem, MA-based company to provide credit and debit card payment processing services. We selected them for their solid reputation, technical expertise, straightforward pricing, and most importantly, their local, in-person service.
Credit and Debit Card Acceptance
Accepting card payments in-person and online can accelerate collections while offering customers more choice and convenience. Together with Paystri, we deliver cost-effective and efficient payment processing solutions that serve businesses of all types and sizes.
Connected Payment Experiences
The Paystri Payment Platform is a flexible, fully customizable payments acceptance solution that enables frictionless transactions no matter how customers choose to pay. It provides a full range of ecommerce solutions and integrates physical card readers for chip (EMV), swiped, and contactless payments.
Depend on Local Customer Service
Paystri built its reputation by providing the highest quality, local customer service. Their in-house Customer Success team is accessible around-the-clock to provide support and guidance. Training is customized to your needs and 24/7/365 support is always just a phone call away. Accepting card payments is easier, more efficient, and affordable with Paystri and Brookline Bank. For more information, speak with your local Brookline Bank representative.


Loans
A major purchase or expense requires smart financing options.
We offer a wide selection of Mortgages, Home Equity Lines & Loans, and Personal Loans, plus bankers who can help you select the best option and get you a fast decision.
Mortgages
We can help make buying or refinancing your home easier with a wide selection of mortgage options. Whether you are looking for a fixed rate or adjustable, a conforming or jumbo mortgage, or a longer or shorter term, our Mortgage Officers will help customize the right mortgage for you.
Home Equity Credit
Put the equity in your home to work for you with a Loan or Line of Credit. Our Home Equity solutions offer attractive rates and terms that make using the equity in your home easier to handle.
Personal Loans
We offer Loans to meet short-term borrowing needs, and an Overdraft Line of Credit to protect your Brookline Bank Checking account from overdrafts.


ATM & Debit Card Security
We have multi-layered security systems in place to detect, prevent, and alert you to card-related fraud.
However, for our systems to work, cardholders must remain vigilant when it comes to protecting card information, monitoring account transactions, and keeping contact information up to date. 
How We Help Protect You:
Real-Time Fraud Detection – Your card transactions are monitored 24/7 to detect suspicious activity outside your normal pattern of use. We’ll stop a transaction and alert you by phone, email, or text if we suspect your card is being used fraudulently.
EMV Chip Technology – A computer chip embedded in your Debit Card encrypts your transaction data to help avoid data breaches.
Card management feature – Use our Online & Mobile Banking Card management feature to turn your Debit Card off and on whenever you want to stop it from being used. You may also use this feature to report your card lost or stolen.
Mobile Wallets – Make secure, cardless purchases with your mobile device. Your card information is not stored on the device. Instead, a digital account number is used and passed to the merchant.
Ways to Protect Yourself:
When you receive your new card, be sure to sign it immediately.
Cut up & destroy old/expired cards.
Be sure to contact us if you plan to use your card when travelling.
Follow our ATM Safety Tips.
Report lost or stolen cards via Online & Mobile Banking or contact Customer Service at 877-668-2265.
Monitor your transaction activity in Online or Mobile Banking regularly, and your statements monthly.
Keep your contact information up to date – especially your mobile phone number and email address – so that we can contact you in the event of potential fraud.
ATM Safety Tips
We care about making banking convenient for you. We also care about making it safe. So, please keep the following tips in mind each time you use an ATM.

Common sense is your best safety guide. Trust your eyes, ears, and instincts and use ATMs only where you feel safe and comfortable.
Bring a friend if you use an ATM at night. And, choose an ATM that is well lit and monitored with a surveillance camera.
Have your card ready.
After a withdrawal, be sure to put away your money, receipt, card, and wallet before leaving the ATM. Wait until you are at home or in secure surrounding to count your cash.
Memorize your PIN and keep it a secret. Never write it on your card or leave it in your wallet.
When entering your PIN, stand between the machine and the person behind you to keep it private. If you feel someone is looking over your shoulder, cancel the transaction and leave immediately.
Guard your card. If it is lost or stolen-or if any suspicious or unauthorized ATM transactions appear on your monthly statements, notify us as soon as possible.
Be aware of your surroundings. At a drive-up, keep your engine running, lock all your doors, and open only the driver’s window. If you’re walking to an ATM, stay alert and don’t linger at the machine.


Online & Mobile Banking Security
Our Online & Mobile Banking system has a variety of security features to help keep your information and accounts safe. 
We strongly recommend you become familiar with them, and the steps you can take to help protect yourself.
How We Help Protect You
Account Alerts including transaction activity and balance alerts.
Card management feature in Online & Mobile Banking to turn your debit card on or off. 
Unique employee login credentials and access permissions for business users with Business Online & Mobile Banking.
Automated timeout feature that closes your Online & Mobile Banking session after a period of inactivity. 
Strong password requirements.
Secure messaging to communicate safely and privately. 
Ways to Protect Yourself
Set up and utilize Account Alerts in Online & Mobile Banking.
Ensure your contact information – especially your mobile phone number and email address – are up to date in Online & Mobile Banking.
When sending us private information, use the secure Messages feature in Online & Mobile Banking.
Keep your computer’s operating system and all anti-virus and anti-malware tools up to date.
Review our Password Protection Tips and change your password immediately if you suspect any suspicious account activity.
Do not leave Online or Mobile Banking sessions active when finished. Always log out of the service.
Avoid accessing Online Banking via shared computers or public wifi access points.
Protect your mobile devices by utilizing the pin, password lock, and finger print/facial recognition lock features available.
Do not jailbreak or root your mobile devices to provide access to additional, unauthorized features and applications. This activity increases the risk of unauthorized and undetected access to the device and can compromise the security of your information.


FAQs
Many common questions are answered below.  Just select the topic and question that best fits your need.
If you are unable to find an answer below, we’re here to help.  Just contact us.
General Banking
How do I set up Direct Deposit of my payroll check?
If your employer participates in a direct deposit program, simply provide our routing and transit number and your account number to the human resources or payroll department at your company, and your direct deposit will usually begin within thirty days.


How do I set up Direct Deposit of my Social Security check?
Simply contact the Social Security Administration at 1-800-772-1213 (TTY 1-800-325-0778) and provide them with our routing and transit number and your account number. Or visit them online .


What is Brookline Bank’s Routing and Transit Number?
211371489


Can I get information about my account by phone?
Account information is available with our Customer Service Representatives during business hours at any of our offices or you can call Telephone Banking for automated account information 24 hours a day.


Can I open an account if I don’t live in the United States? What if I live in the United States but am not a citizen yet?
At this time, we only accept applications from persons residing within the United States with valid U.S. tax identification numbers (Social Security Numbers). If you have questions, contact us. We’d like to hear from you.


Can I do all of my banking with you?
Thanks to the convenience of Online & Mobile Banking, Direct Deposit, and ATMs, everyday banking activities can be performed on your own time. Contact us with questions about your banking needs.


Can I look at all of my transactions at any time?
With Online & Mobile Banking, you have access to your account information 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!


How frequently is my information updated?
Your account information is updated every business day with new transactions that posted to your account the previous day.
Are wire transfers possible to and from my checking account?
Funds can be transferred to and from accounts by wire transfer or via ACH (Automated Clearing House) debits or credits. Contact us for details.


How do I make a deposit to my account from a remote location?
You can do most of your banking by using Mobile Banking, direct deposit, ATMs or ACH (Automated Clearing House) transactions. We also offer a bank-by-mail service, which allows you to mail non-recurring deposits. Our Mobile Check Deposit and Deposit XPress services allow individuals and businesses a fast and easy way to make deposits of checks remotely from a mobile device or from their place of business using their PC and a special check scanner. Contact us for details on a method that’s best for you.


Online Banking
What can I do with Online & Mobile Banking?
You can view account balances and transaction history, transfer money, pay bills and download transactions to financial software and much more.


How do I select or change my Username and Password?
For complete information on creating secure login information, learn more here.


How current is my banking information?
Your account information is updated every business day with new transactions that were posted to your account the previous business day.


What accounts will I be able to access through Online & Mobile Banking?
You can access your checking, savings, and loan accounts from Online & Mobile Banking. They are intended to give you as much access, security, and versatility as possible.


What formats can I download my transaction history in?
Online Banking supports downloads to Quicken® (QFX), QuickBooks® (QBO or IIF) and will also export file formats for personal finance (QIF), spreadsheet (CSV), or word processing (txt).


Can I schedule future transfers?
 Yes, you can schedule immediate, future, and recurring transfers.


How long can I be inactive before being logged out of Online & Mobile Banking?
The inactivity time-out default is set for 10 minutes.


What happens if I forget or lose my password?
Just call our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265 and we will take you through the steps needed to log in to Online & Mobile Banking. Personal banking customer may also use the “forgot?” link to reset their password on their own.


Bill Pay
How do I enroll in Bill Pay?
Steps to enroll in Bill Pay:
For Personal Online Banking:
Log in to Online & Mobile Banking and select the Payments menu item.
A new window will appear asking you to “Enroll in payments.”  Select the Enroll button.
You should now see a “Congratulations” message.  Select the Continue button.
You may now add payees and schedule payments.
For Business Online Banking:
Click the “Administration” option in the main menu to the left
On the Administration page, click the “Bill Pay” tab
Follow prompts to complete enrollment
Please allow up to 1 business day for enrollment to be processed


Is it possible to schedule recurring payments?
Yes. You can schedule weekly, semi-monthly and monthly recurring payments.


When I add a new payee to bill pay account, or change my account number, how quickly will the change take place?
When you update the information for the bill payment account, the changes are immediate.


Can I use Bill Pay with all my accounts?
Only checking accounts can be used for bill payment purposes. You can add multiple checking accounts to Bill Pay and choose the accounts from which payments are drawn.  If you need assistance adding accounts, please call our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265.

When can I start using Bill Pay?
You can begin using Bill Pay as soon as you have logged in to Online & Mobile Banking for the first time.


How do I add new payees?
To add a new payee:
Select “Payments” the main menu on the left
In the top right-hand corner of the Payments window, click “+New Payee”
Follow the prompts to complete
Please note, if adding a business or utility, please be sure to enter the account and address information from your most recent bill.


Who can be paid using Bill Pay?
Anyone or any entity in the 50 United States and territories who can accept a check can be paid using Bill Pay. However, tax payments (such as federal, state and local) and court directed payments (such as alimony and child support) cannot be processed through Bill Pay.


Can I pay my bills on the weekend?
You can set up your payments during the weekend. However, the system will prohibit you from scheduling a single payment and the first of a recurring payment on the same weekend. When scheduling payments on a weekend, the first day for which you can schedule payments (single or recurring) is the first business day following the weekend.


If I schedule multiple bill payments for a single day, how will my account be debited – as a lump sum or separately?
Each bill payment is debited separately.


How is my account debited?
We are able to pay many payees electronically. In these cases, the funds are withdrawn from your account when your payment is issued. If we are unable to issue the payment electronically, a paper check is issued which will debit your account when it has been deposited by the payee and cleared.


What is ACH?
Automated Clearing House is a funds transfer system which provides for the interbank clearing of electronic entries for participating financial institutions.


Are all my payments made by ACH?
No. In some cases – often when paying an individual – a payee may not be able to accept ACH payments. In such cases the Bill Pay system creates a paper check that is mailed to your payee. When a paper check is mailed, your account is debited for the amount of the check when the check is deposited by your payee.


If I make an error in selecting a payee and it results in a late fee, am I responsible for the charges?
If you select an electronic payee with an address that is different from that indicated on the payment coupon, you are responsible for the late fee. You always have the option to manually enter a different address for a payee.


How do I place a ‘stop payment’ on a bill payment?
Payments can be cancelled by 3:00 pm on the day they are scheduled to be sent. Once an electronic payment has been issued, it cannot be stopped.  If an electronic payment was made in error, we would recommend contacting the payee to request a refund. Payments issued as a paper checks can be stopped after they are issued.  If you wish to stop payment on a check you may do so either within Online & Mobile Banking or by giving us a call at 877-668-2265.


Mobile Check Deposit
What is Mobile Check Deposit?
It is a fast, easy and secure way to deposit checks via your mobile device.


How do I sign up for Mobile Check Deposit?
First, you need to be an Online & Mobile Banking user and have downloaded our Mobile app. Once you’ve logged into Mobile Banking, choose Deposit check to enroll. (Please allow up to two business days for enrollment to be complete.)


What type of mobile device must I have to use Mobile Check Deposit?
All currently supported iPhone,® iPad ® and AndroidTM mobile devices may be used.
Is there a waiting period?
No, however activation could take up to two business days.
What accounts are eligible?
You can make deposits to any Brookline Bank Checking, Savings or Money Market Account that you have selected to view on Mobile Banking. 
Are there any fees for making Mobile Check Deposits?
No.


How do I make a Mobile Check Deposit?
It’s easy. Just follow these steps:
Sign (endorse) your check on the reverse side where indicated. Please include “For Mobile Deposit Only” under your signature.
Log in on your mobile device
Tap the menu icon in the top left-hand corner
Tap “Deposit checks”
Tap “Deposit a check”
Follow prompts to complete
What are the cut-off times for Mobile Check Deposits?
Mobile deposits confirmed as received before 7:00 p.m. ET on Monday through Friday (except Bank Holidays) will be considered deposited on that day. Deposits confirmed as received after 7:00 p.m. ET on Monday through Friday (except Bank Holidays) will be considered deposited on the next Business Day.


When will funds be made available?
Deposits entered before 7 pm ET on a business day will be processed same-day. Deposits entered after that time or on a non-business day will be processed the next business day and will reflect in your account the following day.


I just made a Mobile Check Deposit. Why don’t I see the deposit in my online history?
Pending Mobile Check Deposits will not be listed in your transaction history. To confirm the deposit is in-process, you can select “Recent activity” on the “Deposit Checks” page. You will see the deposit listed in your account transaction history once the deposit has been processed.


How long should I keep my original check once I’ve made a Mobile Check Deposit?
You should keep the original check for 30 days after depositing it. To avoid re-depositing it by mistake, consider writing “Mobile Deposit” on the front of the check as a reminder to yourself.


What types of checks can I deposit with Mobile Check Deposit?
Checks payable in U.S. dollars and drawn at any U.S. bank, including personal, business and government checks, are eligible as long as they are payable to and endorsed by the account holder.


What types of checks are not allowed for Mobile Check Deposit?
International checks, U.S. savings bonds, money orders, remotely created checks, convenience checks (checks drawn against a line of credit) and checks made out to cash are not allowable. For a complete listing of ineligible checks, please see our Online Banking Agreement.


Why might I have been declined for using Mobile Check Deposit?
You must have one or more eligible checking or savings account(s) that have been open and in good standing. If you have had any nonsufficient funds occurrences during a rolling 90 day period you will not be eligible to use this service. If, after a ninety day period you have not had any nonsufficient funds occurrences you may re-apply.


Why would my check be returned?
Poor image quality is the most common reason a check cannot be read. If you have deposited a check through Mobile Check Deposit that has been returned, please call us at 877-668-2265.


Why does my email deposit confirmation reference Central Time.
Our mobile banking processor is located in the central time zone, therefore your confirmation references Central Time. Please add an hour for Eastern Time.


eStatements
What are eStatements?
eStatements are a service that allows you to view your monthly statements and year-end tax forms from Online & Mobile Banking. The online versions replace the mailed, paper versions and are, environmentally friendly, secure, easily accessible, fast, and free.


How do I enroll in eStatements?
In order to receive eStatements you need to be enrolled and active in our Online & Mobile Banking service. You will select Documents within the account for which you want to receive the eStatement. You will receive a confirmation email from us when your enrollment has been completed.


How do I access my eStatements?
When your statement is ready, you’ll receive a courtesy email letting you know that your eStatement is available for viewing. To access your statement, log on to Online or Mobile Banking, and select the account for the statement you want to view. It’s that quick and easy!


Will I continue to receive paper statements once my eStatement service is set up?
No, once you have completed the enrollment process, paper statements are no longer produced for your account(s).


What accounts are eligible for eStatements?
All of your deposit accounts (with the exception of Certificates of Deposit) and credit accounts are available for eStatements.


How long will my eStatement be available?
Once you sign up, you’ll be able to view up to seven years of eStatements.


How do I print my eStatements?
If you are viewing your eStatements from a laptop or desktop computer, and you have a printer, you can print your eStatements documents directly from your browser.


Can I save my statement and PDF attachment on my computer or other storage device?
Yes, in fact, we recommend that you save your monthly statements on your computer, a flash drive, or other storage device so you can easily retrieve them in the future. To save a copy of your eStatement, or online tax forms open the pdf, choose “File” then “Save As” and specify where you want the document saved on your storage device.


What if I don’t receive an eStatement notification when expected?
If you do not receive your eStatement notification when it is normally sent, please check to be sure your email mailbox is not full and that your email address has not changed. You should also make sure that the email address we use to send your eStatement notifications does not block certain emails as SPAM or “Junk Mail.”


What if I change my mind and want to go back to paper statements?
You can cancel your eStatements delivery at any time. To do so, log in to Online or Mobile Banking, click the account  you wish to unenroll, select Settings, then Documents/Enrolled. You may then de-select the checkbox and click Save. Or, you may write to us at Brookline Bank, eStatements, P.O. Box 470469, Brookline, MA 02447-0469, call our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265, or send us a secure message via Online or Mobile Banking.


Is there a deadline to opt-in for online tax forms?
There is no deadline for enrolling in tax forms. Once you sign up, you’ll be able to view up to seven (7) years of tax forms.


EMV Chip Card
What is EMV?
EMV stands for Europay, MasterCard®, Visa. It is an international standard for credit and debit cards equipped with computer chips and the technology used to authenticate chip-card transactions. To help stop the ever increasing risk of large scale data breaches and counterfeit card fraud, U.S. banks and other card issuers are migrating to this technology to protect consumers and reduce the costs associated with fraud. EMV chip cards are currently widely used in Europe, Asia and Canada, and are now being adopted in the U.S.


What is an EMV Chip Debit Card?
An EMV chip debit card has a microchip embedded in it that provides substantially more security than a magnetic stripe.


Why are chip cards more secure than traditional cards?
EMV cards are referred to as chip cards. The small metallic square you’ll see on new cards is a microcomputer. The magnetic-striped cards in use for years store static data, or payment data that does not change. The data stored in the magnetic stripe includes your 16-digit card account number, expiration date and 3-digit security code (CVC) like the one found on the back of your card. EMV Chip cards contain the same data and more. Each purchase or transaction that you make with your card generates dynamic or unique data that is encoded in a safe mode. EMV helps protect you even if your card or your card data is lost or stolen because the chip technology:
Makes it difficult for anyone but the rightful owner to use the card, and Protects against the creation of counterfeit cards because dynamic data is only good for a single purchase or use. Each transaction you make creates a unique code. If the card data is copied and the transaction is attempted again, it will be recognized as a duplicate and rejected.


How is a Chip Card used to make a purchase?
The process for using a chip card is different than using a magnetic stripe card. Instead of swiping, you insert the card into the merchant’s card reader and leave it there. You then follow the prompts on the card reader’s screen and wait to remove the card until the transaction has completed. Be careful not to leave the card behind! It may take some time to become used to the chip card, but the extra security provided will be well worth the transition from swiping to dipping.


What’s required, to complete a purchase? A signature or a PIN?
The verification method for your Brookline Bank debit card is referred to as chip-and-signature. In many cases you will use a signature or PIN the way you do today. If the merchant prefers to ask for a PIN, you may be asked to enter your PIN for transactions that today require a signature, such as to pay a restaurant bill.


Will a chip card work at a retailer that does not support EMV technology?
Yes. The initial EMV cards will include both chip and magnetic stripe functions. The card reader will guide you through the process:
If a card is entered into the chip card slot, but the card reader isn’t yet activated for EMV, it will display an error and you will be prompted to swipe the card in order to use it.
Conversely if you attempt to swipe your chip card rather than inserting it, an error will display and you will be prompted to insert the card for chip processing instead.
If a chip-card reader is not in place at a merchant, the EMV card can be read with a swipe, just like a traditional magnetic stripe card.


Does the customer still have zero liability the way they do today?
Yes, the customer still has zero liability, even with an EMV chip enabled card.


What about magnetic stripes? Will those go away?
No, not right away. Experts estimate that it may take up to four years for all financial institutions and merchants to fully convert to EMV chip technology. Initial use of both magnetic stripes and EMV chips provides significantly increased security but is easier on customers and merchants than eliminating magnetic stripes all at once.


Personal Banking
We’re committed to providing you with quality products, exceptional value, and superior, personalized service. Because we understand that no two customers are alike, we offer a diverse range of checking accounts, savings accounts, and borrowing options to fit your needs.
Checking Accounts
Our ACCESSCHECKING line-up starts with all the conveniences of Online & Mobile Banking, a Debit Mastercard®, a companion ACCESS Savings account, plus additional benefits depending on the account you choose.
Savings Accounts
Saving for the future can be easier than you think! Choose from a selection of regular Savings accounts, Money Market accounts, CDs, and IRAs to help you meet your savings goals.
Loans
Whether you’re looking to buy a new home, purchase a car, or help a child pay for school, Brookline Bank has a selection of financing options to help you realize your goals.
Online & Mobile Banking
Enjoy 24/7 access to your accounts, make deposits, payments, and transfers, view statements, and much more on your desktop, laptop, tablet, or smartphone.


Order Foreign Currency
We provide easy, safe, and cost-effective foreign currency exchange.
Purchasing currency prior to your trip can save time and help you avoid higher cost exchange services at foreign airports and ATMs. 
Over 70 currencies are available for advance order. Just visit our nearest location to order for in-person pick up, or home delivery (for an additional fee).  Please allow 1-2 business days for delivery.
Currency Available for Immediate Purchase
The locations below maintain inventories of Canadian Dollars, Euros, and British Pounds for immediate purchase during business hours. We suggest checking in advance to ensure sufficient quantities are on hand.
Arlington – Massachusetts Avenue
Lexington – Massachusetts Avenue
Boston – Clarendon Street
Medford – Salem Street
Boston – State Street
Newton – Newton Centre
Brookline – Coolidge Corner
Wellesley – Wellesley Hills
Ipswich – Market Street
Chinese Yuan are also available for immediate purchase at our State Street, Clarendon Street, Brookline – Coolidge Corner, and Medford – Salem Street locations.
Certain fees, limits, and exclusions may apply.  Non-bank customers may only purchase currency at locations that maintain inventory for immediate purchase and must purchase their currency with cash (U.S. Dollars).


Reporting Fraud
Resources to assist you, should you be a victim of fraud.
What To Do If You Suspect Fraud
If at any time you feel that you have been victimized by fraud, including unauthorized access to your accounts, identity theft incidents, or if you have received any suspicious emails, text messages, or other requests regarding your accounts, contact us as soon as possible by visiting one of our locations in person or by calling our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265 during normal business hours to report the incident.
Please be prepared to provide information about the incident to our customer service representative so that it can be effectively researched and investigated. 
If you have sustained a financial loss, we recommend that you contact the FBI in a timely manner at their Boston Regional Field Office as well as reporting the incident to local law enforcement.
We also suggest that you contact your other financial institutions and visit IdentityTheft.gov , the federal government’s one-stop resource to report and recover from identity theft. 
Federal Trade Commission Consumer Information Resources
Scam Alerts (https://consumer.ftc.gov/features/scam-alerts)
How to Keep Your Personal Information Secure (https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/what-know-about-identity-theft)
Identity Theft (https://consumer.ftc.gov/identity-theft-and-online-security/identity-theft)
Reporting Identity Theft (https://www.identitytheft.gov/#/)
Credit Bureau Contact Information
Equifax: 1.800.685.1111 or www.equifax.com
Experian: 1.888.397.3742 or www.experian.com
TransUnion: 1.800.916.8800 or www.transunion.com
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
Common Fraud Schemes (https://www.fbi.gov/scams-and-safety/common-scams-and-crimes)


ATM Locations
All ATMs at Brookline Bank locations are free to use for our customers.  In addition, you can use the resources below to find surcharge-free SUM® program ATMs, plan ahead to find ATMs when you travel, or just locate other ATMs near you.
Brookline Bank belongs to the SUM program to help save you money. When you withdraw funds at thousands of SUM machines nationwide, you will avoid other banks’ surcharges. Use the SUM website  to find participating SUM ATMs, and download the free SUM ATM Locator smartphone app to find SUM ATMs when you’re on the go.
Brookline Bank is also a member of the NYCE ATM network , which has several thousand machines in the United States – mostly in the Northeast region. Use their ATM locator to find NYCE™ machines.
Anywhere you travel, world-wide, you can get cash with a Brookline Bank ATM or Debit card. Look for the Cirrus® logo when you travel, or visit the Mastercard/CIRRUS ATM locator , to find thousands of Cirrus ATMs world-wide. Brookline Bank debit card customers can also use their ATM card to pay for purchases wherever they see the Mastercard® logo.
Brookline Bank ATM-Only Locations
In addition to the ATMs at all Brookline Bank locations, we have ATM-only locations for your convenience as well.
Lawrence Memorial Hospital
170 Governors Avenue
Medford, MA 02155
Melrose – Wakefield Hospital
585 Lebanon Street
Melrose, MA 02176


Condominium Association Banking
We are a leader in condo banking, and have the experts to make sure your capital requirements are met.
Nothing Surprises Us.
As one of the original, local lenders to condo associations, we can help you plan for nearly any potential need with experienced bankers to help get you get the loan or other banking services your association needs to keep things running smoothly.
A Condominium Association Loan from Brookline Bank can help you pay for capital improvement and renovation projects to keep your property up-to-date. With loan terms and amortization periods from 5 to 10 years, we will work to craft a loan that is right for you.
Meet Our Condominium Banking Team
Thomas Smith
SVP, Business Banking Team Leader
781-237-2388
tsmith@brkl.com
Andy Beepath
Business Banking Officer
617-323-5259
abeepath@brkl.com
David Gladstone
Business Banking Officer
617-835-8372
dgladstone@brkl.com


Our 150th Anniversary
Founded in 1871, Brookline Bank “…was established with a commitment to provide a safe depository and convenient services to the Brookline community it served”. 
Since then, the number of communities we serve has grown, as have the breadth of customers and services we offer.  Today, our commitment to be “…a reliable, trustworthy, and local banking institution” continues as strong as ever.
How We Celebrated
We turned 150 on February 24, 2021.  While the pandemic caused a scaling back of our more public 150th Anniversary plans, we celebrated with service enhancements for our customers beginning with a new Online & Mobile Banking system introduced in March, 2021.  It continued throughout the fall with the launch of our new website and online account opening system in October.  
We are proud of our long history of service, and so is the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, which delivered this formal citation  to us.
It goes to show how 150 years later, our commitment to serving our customers remains the same as the day we were founded.
We Wrote the Book(s)
For our centennial in 1971, a commemorative book was published chronicling the years since our founding. 
We marked our 150th Anniversary with a sequel: Brookline Bank – 1971-2021 – Years of Transformation . This all-new book covers the significant growth and strategic moves that have made us what we are today: a full-service, commercial bank serving Greater Boston and much of eastern Massachusetts.
Interested in reviewing the original, with history all the way back to 1871? View it here . (https://online.fliphtml5.com/qatrr/pcer/)


Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
We strive to take intentional, consistent, and sustainable actions, to foster a sense of belonging for our employees, customers, and communities.
We focus these actions on the IMPACT 5.
Culture - You are welcome here
Encourage, support and maintain a diverse culture where different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives are respected and valued. Embrace an inclusive environment which encourages authenticity with the intention of fostering a sense of belonging.
Community - Make a Difference
Create opportunities to have a positive impact in our communities, through volunteering and charitable donations to local organizations who reflect our values.
Customers - Grow with us
Diversify our customer base by expanding and developing new markets to provide equitable and inclusive services which align with the growth of the organization.
Talent - Be part of the best
Attract talent representing minorities and underrepresented populations. Grow inclusive leadership, through collaboration and diverse teams. Provide equitable opportunities for career development and promotions.
Services - Seize every opportunity
Seek out minority, woman, and LGBTQ+ owned vendors for products and services utilized throughout the organization.

Brookline Bank Zelle
Send and receive money with Zelle
Download the Brookline Bank Mobile app
Zelle® is a convenient way to send and receive money with friends, family and others you trust, even if they bank somewhere different than you.1 Use Zelle® to gift money, pay the sitter, or split the cost of a night out.
Why use Zelle
EASY
Send your friends money right from the Brookline Bank Mobile app, no matter where they bank.
FAST
Money gets sent straight from your account to theirs and is available to spend in minutes.
SAFE
All you need is an email address or U.S. mobile number. No account numbers are shared.
Enroll with Zelle now
1 Log into the Brookline Bank Mobile app.
2 In the main menu, select "Transfer and Pay". Then "Send money with Zelle".
3 Enroll your email address or U.S. mobile number.
You're ready to start sending and receiving money with Zelle. Next time you need to be paid back, ask for Zelle!

U.S. checking or savings account required to use Zelle. Transactions between enrolled users typically occur in minutes.
Zelle® and the Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license.


How do I use Zelle?
You can send, request, or receive money with Zelle. To get started, log into the Brookline Bank Mobile app or online banking. In the main menu, select "Transfer and Pay". Then "Send money with Zelle".
To send money using Zelle, simply select someone from your mobile device's contacts (or add a trusted recipient's email address or U.S. mobile number), add the amount you'd like to send and an optional note, review, then hit "Send." The recipient will receive an email or text message notification via the method they used to enroll with Zelle. Money is available to your recipient in minutes if they are already enrolled with Zelle.
To request money using Zelle, choose "Request," select the individual from whom you'd like to request money, enter the amount you'd like, include an optional note, review and hit "Request". If the person you are requesting money from is not yet enrolled with Zelle, you must use their email address to request money. If the person has enrolled their U.S. mobile number, then you can send the request using their mobile number.
To receive money, just share your enrolled email address or U.S. mobile number with a friend and ask them to send you money with Zelle. If you have already enrolled with Zelle, you do not need to take any further action. The money will be sent directly into your Brookline Bank account, typically within minutes.
If someone sent you money with Zelle and you have not yet enrolled with Zelle, follow these steps:
Click on the link provided in the payment notification you received via email or text message.
Select Brookline Bank.
Follow the instructions provided on the page to enroll and receive your payment. Pay attention to the email address or U.S. mobile number where you received the payment notification - you should enroll with Zelle using that email address or U.S. mobile number to ensure you receive your money.


Is my information secure?
Keeping your money and information safe is a top priority for Brookline Bank. When you use Zelle within our mobile app or online banking, your information is protected with the same technology we use to keep your Brookline Bank account secure.


Who can I send money to with Zelle?
Zelle is a great way to send money to family, friends, and people you are familiar with such as your personal trainer, babysitter or neighbor.1
Since money is sent directly from your Brookline Bank account to another person's bank account within minutes1, Zelle should only be used to send money to friends, family and others you trust.
If you don't know the person or aren't sure you will get what you paid for (for example, items bought from an online bidding or sales site), you should not use Zelle. These transactions are potentially high risk (just like sending cash to a person you don't know is high risk).
Neither Brookline Bank nor Zelle offers purchase protection for payments made with Zelle - for example, if you do not receive the item you paid for, or the item is not as described or as you expected. Only send money to people and small businesses you trust and always ensure you've used the correct email address or U.S. mobile number when sending money.


I believe I’ve been a victim of a scam. Who should I contact?
Please contact our customer support team at 877-668-2265. Qualifying imposter scams may be eligible for reimbursement.


Can I pay a small business with Zelle?
Some small businesses are able to receive payments with Zelle. Ask your favorite small business if they accept payments with Zelle. If they do, you can pay them directly from your Brookline Bank Mobile app or online banking using just their email address or U.S. mobile number.
Neither Brookline Bank nor Zelle offers purchase protection for payments made with Zelle - for example, if you do not receive the item you paid for, or the item is not as described or as you expected. Only send money to people and small businesses you trust and always ensure you've used the correct email address or U.S. mobile number when sending money.


Can I use Zelle internationally?
In order to use Zelle, the sender and recipient's bank or credit union accounts must be based in the U.S.


Can I reverse or cancel a payment?
Zelle payments cannot be reversed.
You can only cancel a payment if the person you sent money to hasn't yet enrolled with Zelle. To check whether the payment is still pending because the recipient hasn't yet enrolled, you can go to your activity page, choose the payment you want to cancel, and then select "Cancel This Payment". If you do not see this option available, please contact our customer support team at 877-668-2265 for assistance with canceling the pending payment.
If the person you sent money to has already enrolled with Zelle through their bank or credit union's mobile app or online banking, the money is sent directly to their bank account and cannot be canceled. This is why it's important to only send money to people you trust, and always ensure you've used the correct email address or U.S. mobile number when sending money.
If you sent money to the wrong person, please immediately call our customer support team at 877-668-2265 so we can help you.


Are there any fees to send money using Zelle?
No, Brookline Bank does not charge any fees to use Zelle in our mobile app.
Your mobile carrier's messaging and data rates may apply.


What if I want to send money to someone whose bank or credit union doesn't offer Zelle?
You can find a full list of participating banks and credit unions live with Zelle at Zellepay.com.
If your recipient's bank or credit union isn't on the list, don't worry! The list of participating financial institutions is always growing, and your recipient can still use Zelle by downloading the Zelle app for Android and iOS.
To enroll with the Zelle app, your recipient will enter their basic contact information, an email address or U.S. mobile number, and a Visa or Mastercard debit card with a U.S. based account (does not include U.S. territories). Zelle does not accept debit cards associated with international deposit accounts or any credit cards.


I have scanned a Zelle QR code, but it isn't working.
The Zelle® QR code feature is currently not available at Brookline Bank. The ability to use Zelle QR code will be available soon.


Mobile Wallets
Your Brookline Bank Debit Mastercard® may be added to a variety of mobile wallet apps. Whether you choose Apple Pay®, Google PayTM, or Samsung PayTM you’ll enjoy the convenience of secure, one-touch payments at merchants nationwide.
And be sure to add your Brookline Bank card to the top of your wallet for easy access.
Apple Pay
Apple Pay allows iPhone®, iPad®, and Mac® users to make Brookline Bank Debit Card purchases anywhere the following symbols are displayed:
To add your card, open the Wallet app and click the “+” sign. Be sure to make your card the top card in your Wallet.
Google Pay
Load your Brookline Bank Debit Card onto your AndroidTM smartphone and pay wherever you see the following symbols:
Download the Google Pay app from the Google Play or App Store, select “Payment”, then click “+ Payment method” to get started.
Samsung Pay
Samsung Pay allows users of Samsung smartphones the flexibility to pay virtually anywhere you would normally “swipe” your Brookline Bank Debit Card.
To add your card, open the Samsung Pay app, select “Cards”, and click “Add Card”.


Savings Accounts
Saving for the future can be easier when you have the right plan and tools.
We have a full selection of personal Savings account options to meet nearly any savings goal. And your Brookline Bank savings balances – even those in IRAs – count toward waiving monthly maintenance fees for our PREMIERACCESS and ACCESSPLUS Checking accounts.
Learn more about access to expanded FDIC insurance. (https://www.brooklinebank.com/about/fdic-insurance/)
Savings & Money Market Accounts
With our Savings accounts, you’ll enjoy easy management and flexibility for your savings, while keeping your balances liquid and available for use. Our Money Market accounts offer a competitive, tiered-rate structure that pays higher rates for higher account balances. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/personal-banking/savings/savings-and-money-market-accounts/)
Certificates of Deposit (CDs)
CDs are an excellent way to help your savings grow with guaranteed rates. Brookline Bank CDs offer competitive rates with terms ranging from 3 months to 5 years. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/personal-banking/savings/certificates-of-deposit/)
Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)
Save for retirement with the confidence that your deposits are insured by the FDIC in a range of IRA account types. Choose from a range of CD terms or a Money Market account that keeps your retirement funds liquid. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/personal-banking/savings/iras/)
Calculators
Everyone has different savings needs, time horizons and goals. Use our Savings Calculator to help plan the best strategy for reaching those goals. Our Emergency Savings Calculator can help you determine the minimum you ought to have saved.
Savings Goals Calculator (https://www.brooklinebank.com/calculator/savings-goals-calculator/)
Emergency Savings Calculator (https://www.brooklinebank.com/calculator/emergency-savings-calculator/)
CD Ladder Calculator (https://www.brooklinebank.com/calculator/cd-ladder-calculator/)
Retirement Planning Calculator (https://www.brooklinebank.com/calculator/retirement-planning-calculator/)
Roth vs. Traditional IRA Calculator (https://www.brooklinebank.com/calculator/roth-vs-traditional-ira-calculator/)
FDIC Insurance
As a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), Brookline Bank provides deposit insurance for all of our depositors. Deposits are insured by the FDIC up to $250,000 per person per account ownership category. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/about/fdic-insurance/)


FDIC Insurance
Keeping Your Funds Safe and Secure
As a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) , Brookline Bank provides deposit insurance for all of our depositors.
Deposits are insured by the FDIC up to $250,000 per person per account ownership category.
Interested in finding out more about how your funds are insured or how to expand your coverage? Our personal bankers are trained to assist you.  Or, the FDIC offers a helpful online deposit insurance estimator calculator called EDIE  you can use anytime.
Expand Your FDIC Coverage with the IntraFi Network.
With the IntraFi Cash Service (ICS®) or CDARS® you can access multi-million-dollar FDIC protection on deposits placed in demand deposit accounts, money market deposit accounts, and Certificates of Deposit (CDs) — all through Brookline Bank.
Deposit placement through CDARS or ICS is subject to the terms, conditions, and disclosures in applicable agreements. Although deposits are placed in increments that do not exceed the FDIC standard maximum deposit insurance amount (“SMDIA”) at any one destination bank, a depositor’s balances at the institution that places deposits may exceed the SMDIA (e.g., before settlement for deposits or after settlement for withdrawals) or be uninsured (if the placing institution is not an insured bank). The depositor must make any necessary arrangements to protect such balances consistent with applicable law and must determine whether placement through CDARS or ICS satisfies any restrictions on its deposits. A list identifying IntraFi network banks appears at https://www.intrafi.com/network-banks. The depositor may exclude banks from eligibility to receive its funds. IntraFi and ICS are registered service marks, and the IntraFi hexagon and IntraFi logo are service marks, of IntraFi Network LLC.


Smartphone Users
To provide a better user experience, our online application is only available on desktop, laptop and tablet-based browsers.
If you do not have access to one of these devices, you may apply at any Brookline Bank location. For more information, call 877-668-2265 or contact us.
We apologize for any inconvenience.


Smartphone Users
To provide a better user experience, our online application is only available on desktop, laptop and tablet-based browsers.
If you do not have access to one of these devices, please return to our Mortgages page and contact one of our listed Mortgage Officers who will be happy to assist you with your application.  For more information, call 877-668-2265 or contact us.
We apologize for any inconvenience.


Voice ID
When you call our Customer Service Center, we can securely identify you – with just your voice.
Voice ID is a security feature that allows you to use your unique voice print to verify your identity when speaking with a customer service representative.
Save Time Identifying Yourself
Voice ID automatically identifies you and eliminates the need to answer multiple security questions.
Easy, one-time set up.
Once established, your voice print will continue to identify you every time you call us. 
Your voice print can be removed anytime by speaking with a customer service representative.
Enjoy shorter wait times when contacting our Customer Service Center. 
Added Security for Peace of Mind
Helps protect against fraudsters trying to impersonate you.
More secure than traditional authentication methods such as security questions and passwords. 
Voice ID does not store an actual recording of your voice but creates a digitally encrypted voiceprint. 
How it Works
Voice ID uses the multiple characteristics of your voice, such as your accent and speech cadence to create a unique voice print.
This feature will work even if your voice is affected by factors such as having a cold.
A voice print is not a recording – it is a file that represents information about your voice.
Once your voice print is created, you will receive a mailed confirmation from us.
Your voice print can be removed anytime by speaking with a customer service representative.
Voice ID is not available for minors and non-owner, authorized signers on business accounts.


Business Calculators
Commercial Loan Calculator
Use this calculator to estimate your debt service coverage with a new loan. If your debt service coverage is high enough, including your new loan payment, you have a better chance of being approved for your loan. Keep in mind, however, that debt service coverage is just one of many
Debt Service Coverage Ratio Calculator
This more sophisticated tool for determining a business’s ability to make a loan payment calculates Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR) and illustrates how DSCR is impacted by changing income, equity, and capital assumptions. Please note that DCSR is just one of many factors considered when a financial institution makes a
Cash Flow Calculator
Having adequate cash flow is essential to keeping your business running. Will you have enough cash to cover expenses? Will you need to borrow to cover shortfalls? Use this calculator to help you determine the cash flow generated by your business. Information and interactive calculators are made available to you
Profit Margin Calculator
This simple calculator can help you determine the selling price for your products to achieve a desired profit margin. Information and interactive calculators are made available to you only as self-help tools for your independent use and are not intended to provide investment or tax advice. We cannot and do
Financial Ratios Calculator
This calculator helps you to zero in on areas of your business that may need attention. Areas such as solvency, liquidity, operational efficiency and profitability. Information and interactive calculators are made available to you only as self-help tools for your independent use and are not intended to provide investment or
Simple Break Even Calculator
Use this basic calculator to find out how many units and at what price you must sell your products to make a profit. Information and interactive calculators are made available to you only as self-help tools for your independent use and are not intended to provide investment or tax advice.
Working Capital Needs Calculator
Understanding your working capital needs is essential to managing your business. Will you have enough cash to meet expenses? Will you need to borrow to cover shortages? This calculator assists you in determining your working capital needs for the next year. Information and interactive calculators are made available to you


Calculators
Home Equity Debt Consolidation Calculator
A Home Equity Loan or Line of Credit (HELOC) can be an effective tool to consolidate debt, reduce your overall interest rate, and lower your monthly payments. Enter your outstanding balances and interest rates in the sections below (click the pencil icon to expand each), and your desired repayment term and interest rate on your home equity loan/line. Then see how your monthly payments compare by clicking the “View Report” button.
Home Equity Credit Calculator
Curious how much you might qualify for? Try our Home Equity calculator below. To begin, simply input the value of your home and the total amount of all your outstanding home loans.
15 vs. 30 Year Fixed-Rate Mortgage Calculator
This calculator helps prospective borrowers compare a 15 Year Fixed-Rate Mortgage to a 30 Year Fixed-Rate Mortgage, including the monthly payment amount, remaining principle balance, total interest paid, and potential tax implications.* Just enter your mortgage information in the fields below, then click the “View Report” button for a summary.
ARM vs. Fixed-Rate Mortgage Calculator
A Fixed-Rate Mortgage has the same payment for the entire term of the loan. An Adjustable-Rate Mortgage (ARM) has a fixed rate for a specific period of time (“initial period”), after which the rate may adjust and change your monthly payment. Just click the pencil icon to expand the sections below, enter your mortgage information, and click the “View Report” button to compare a Fixed Rate Mortgage to a Fully Amortizing ARM.
Loan Repayment Calculator
Enter your loan amount, interest rate and term below, and click the “View Report” button to see the amortized monthly repayment schedule, including your remaining principal balance by payment, the total of all payments made, and the total interest paid. Or, conversely, enter your desired monthly payment to see the corresponding loan amount you could finance.
Retirement Planning Calculator
A retirement plan requires careful consideration of many factors “ such as how much you save, how your future earnings might change, and how much you’ll spend in retirement. This calculator allows you to explore different outcomes by adjusting these variables, and seeing their effects on your retirement plan.
Savings Goals Calculator
Are you on track to meet your savings goals? Find out by completing the fields below and clicking the “View Report” button. You’ll get a summary of your current savings plan and a sense of how much you might want to adjust your monthly savings amount to reach your goal in inflation-adjusted dollars.
Roth vs. Traditional IRA Calculator
This Individual Retirement Account (IRA) calculator helps you compare possible retirement outcomes from investing in a Roth IRA vs. a Traditional IRA. Just click the pencil icon to expand the sections below, enter your information, and click the “View Report” button for detailed results. Information and interactive calculators are made
Emergency Savings Calculator
Emergency savings can help you manage sudden and unforeseen financial hardships like losing a job, auto repair bills, medical emergencies, property damage, or legal issues.
CD Ladder Calculator
The term “CD Ladder” refers to opening a series of Certificates of Deposit (CDs) with a range of maturity dates, then re-depositing maturing CD balances into long-term, higher-rate CDs. This strategy provides greater liquidity than a single long-term CD and a higher rate of return than a single short-term rollover CD. It can be especially beneficial when interest rates are rising and maturing balances are re-deposited at increasingly higher rates.


Savings & Money Market Accounts
We offer a choice of accounts that enable you to keep your short-term savings liquid, FDIC-insured, and easily accessible.
Learn more about access to expanded FDIC insurance.
PREMIERACCESS Money Market Account
Our PREMIERACCESS Money Market account pays a tiered rate of interest that increases with higher balances. It is available to PREMIERACCESS and ACCESSPLUS Checking customers with no minimum balance requirement or monthly fee. And balances can be used towards waiving monthly fees on checking. (https://www.brooklinebank.com/personal-banking/savings/savings-and-money-market-accounts/#accordion1)
ACCESS Money Market Account
Our ACCESS Money Market account is designed for customers who want to earn higher rates for higher savings balances. Combine your ACCESS Money Market account with other Brookline Bank accounts on one statement for easier account management. (https://www.brooklinebank.com/personal-banking/savings/savings-and-money-market-accounts/#accordion1)
ACCESS Savings Account
A complementary ACCESS Savings account comes with all Brookline Bank personal checking accounts. It earns a higher interest rate than our Statement Savings account, and can be combined with other Brookline Bank accounts on one statement to simplify account management. (https://www.brooklinebank.com/personal-banking/savings/savings-and-money-market-accounts/#accordion1)
Statement Savings Account
Our Statement Savings account is perfect for customers who are looking for a low cost way to watch their money grow. This account requires a low minimum balance to help you begin moving toward your financial goals, with flexibility and easy access to your account at your nearest Brookline Bank office or ATM. (https://www.brooklinebank.com/personal-banking/savings/savings-and-money-market-accounts/#accordion1)
Savings & Money Market Account Details
Compare Accounts


Savings & Money Market Account Details
PREMIERACCESS MONEY MARKET1	ACCESS MONEY MARKET	ACCESS SAVINGS	STATEMENT SAVINGS2
Description	Premium, tiered-rate account with no monthly fees	Premium, tiered-rate account	A savings account available to all checking customers	Stand-alone savings account
Monthly maintenance fee	None	$8.00 if below minimum balance	None	$3.00 if below minimum balance
Balance may be used to waive select checking fee	Yes	Yes	Yes	Yes
Average monthly balance required to waive monthly maintenance fee	None	$2,500	None	$250
OPEN ACCOUNT
1. Available to PREMIERACCESS and ACCESSPLUS Checking customers.
2. Also available as 18/65 Savings, with reduced/waived fees for customers age 18 and under or 65 and over. Ask for details.
Certificates of Deposit (CDS)
CDs can play an important role in your savings strategy, delivering the confidence of having a guaranteed rate as well as a variety of terms from which to choose. 
To learn more about the rates and terms we offer, please call 877-668-2265 to speak with a Customer Service Representative, or visit our nearest Brookline Bank location.


Application Process
Applying for a home equity loan or line of credit is simple.
You can apply online or visit a local office for additional assistance.
Our experienced bankers are available to help you every step of the way whether you apply online or in a branch. Best of all, typically you can access your funds in just 3-4 weeks after you apply and are approved! Here’s how:
Step 1: Complete an Application
Visit any of our locations and we’ll help you determine the best home equity product for your needs and complete an application. To speed things up, speak with a personal banker in advance to find out what supporting documents you can bring, such as pay stubs and financial statements. Or if you already know what type of line or loan you need, you can apply online now.
Step 2: Application Review
Next, we will verify your information, check your credit score, determine the value of your property (which may require an appraisal), and obtain copies of your title insurance and flood certification, if applicable. If we need any additional documentation, we’ll contact you.
Step 3: Loan Decision & Closing
We will let you know if your application is approved once we complete our review. Upon approval, we’ll schedule a closing with you to finalize our loan agreement. The closing can be held at our nearest office or other location.
Step 4: Accessing Your Funds
In most cases, you will have access to your funds three days after the closing. Home Equity Lines of Credit can be accessed through checks you write or via Online Banking. Home Equity Loans are disbursed in full upon availability.


FOR LAW FIRMS
We’re committed to helping you succeed with a valuable array of banking products, services, and savings designed specifically for law firms and their partners.
BUSINESS CHECKING
A full range of operating and specially checking accounts.
・Special Offer: First order of business checks free for new customers*
✓ PERSONAL CHECKING
Our top-tier PREMIERACCESS checking with no monthly fee for partners.
・24/7 online & mobile account access and management
・Fees waived for most personal banking services
・Free ATMs in the U.S., free checks, and more
✓ IOLTAS
Interest-bearing account for client funds.
・Free wire transfers
・No minimum balance or monthly fee
・Mass IOLTA Committee Leadership Institution
・FDIC Insured
✓ ONLINE CASH MANAGEMENT
A comprehensive suite of tools for:
・Electronic payments
・Cash flow optimization
・Fraud prevention
✓ BUSINESS ONLINE BANKING
Our powerful multi-user online banking system.
・Desktop, tablet, and smartphone access
・Enhanced Business Bill Pay
・Added control over user access
✓ ESCROW SERVICES
Complete Master/Sub account structures for easy management of client funds.
・Special Offer: To assist you with your transition to Brookline Bank we will reimburse you for up to 20 hours of temporary administrative support.**
✓ DEPOSIT XPRESS (REMOTE DEPOSIT)
Save trips to the bank by depositing checks from the convenience of your office.
・Special Offer: Three months free service or free scanner
✓ BUSINESS BANKING EXPERTS
An experienced team of business specialists committed to helping businesses grow.
・Locations across Greater Boston and the North Shore
*A value up to $200
**A value up to $400
Signature Business Banking benefits are available to Business Gold Checking and Commercial Checking customers only


Business Online & Mobile Banking
Multiple users, enhanced Bill Pay, and greater security.
Powerful Financial Tools
With Business Online & Mobile Banking, you’ll enjoy 24/7 access to our desktop, tablet, and mobile-based online banking services – plus benefit from additional security and functionality designed just for businesses. You can even access accounts from multiple business entities from single, convenient login.
Multi-User Access
If more than one person needs online access to your business accounts, Business Online Banking lets you add, delete, and manage additional users. 
By providing each user with their own unique login, you will increase security. Plus, you control what they can see or do online, including:
View Only – Access to balance and/or transaction information only. Great for bookkeepers, outside accountants, etc.
Limited Transaction Ability – Such as making transfers between accounts
Full Transaction Ability – For bill payments and more

Enhanced Bill Pay
Business Bill Pay offers even more business-friendly features:
Allows you to upload existing payee profiles from Quicken®/QuickBooks®
Lets you reference multiple invoice numbers when making vendor payments
Provides the ability to approve actions made by other users – including paying bills and adding new payees
Offers higher bill pay dollar limits than our consumer bill pay service
Take a self-guided tour of Business Bill Pay 
To enroll in Business Online & Mobile Banking call our Customer Service Center during business hours at 877-668-2265. 
For more information: (https://www.businessbillpay-e.com/demov2/DemoLogin.aspx?instID=40873)
More Sophisticated Tools
If you have greater needs for information, cash flow management, and fraud protection services, we have a full suite of sophisticated Cash Management Services and experts to help tailor the right solutions for your needs. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/commercial/cash-management/)


Charitable Giving
Contributing to the success of our communities and its residents is a top priority for us.
We support many local organizations, and continue to look for ways to be involved with worthy causes and to make a positive difference in the communities we serve.
Charitable Giving Guidelines
The organization requesting the funds must directly benefit residents of Arlington, Bedford, Boston, Brookline, Burlington, Danvers, Essex, Gloucester, Ipswich, Lexington, Malden, Medford, Needham, Newton, Rowley, Waltham, Wellesley, West Roxbury or their direct neighboring communities.
The request must meet a clearly defined need for which adequate support is not otherwise available.
The amount requested must be reasonable and in line with the scope of the project or the number of people who will benefit.
Grant requests of $2,500 or greater should use the Philanthropy Massachusetts Common Grant Application .
For more information on the Brookline Bank Charitable Giving program, or to apply for a grant, please contact:
Peter Roveto | Senior Vice President
131 Clarendon Street
Boston, MA 02116
Phone: 617-927-7912


Business
Loans from
Brookline Bank.
APPLY FOR A LOAN OR LINE OF CREDIT (https://www.brooklinebank.com/business-banking/loans/)
Low Rates
Lower rates than many online lenders
Fast Loan Decisions
Decision in 3 days or less*
A Local Lender
Knowledgeable, local lending professionals


Business Banking Resources
Additional products, services, and information to help make managing your finances easier, safer, and more productive.
Meet Our Business Banking Officers
Thomas Smith
SVP, Business Banking Team Leader
781-237-2388
tsmith@brkl.com
Farah Ali
Business Banking Officer
617-226-4451
fali@brkl.com
Andy Beepath
Business Banking Officer
617-323-5259
abeepath@brkl.com
David Gladstone
Business Banking Officer
617-835-8372
dgladstone@brkl.com
Christian Gonzalez
Business Banking Officer
978-356-8133
cgonzalez@brkl.com
Lisa Lorgeree
Business Banking Officer
781-863-5808
llorgeree@brkl.com
Bryan Manandhar
Business Banking Officer
617-991-9782
bmanandhar@brkl.com
Ariel Noesi
Business Banking Officer
781-393-2814
anoesi@brkl.com


Contact
You are welcome to contact us online using the form below, by phone, at our mailing address, or by stopping by one of our locations.
Phone
Call 1-877-668-2265 to speak with a Brookline Bank Customer Service representative.
Our representatives would be happy to assist you with your account(s), or provide you with information about our products, services, rates, or locations.
Monday-Friday: 8:00 am – 6:00 pm
Saturday: 8:30 am – 2:00 pm
From outside the U.S. call +1-617-278-6401.
To access our secure, 24-hour Telephone Banking system, call 1-888-730-3554.
Telephone Banking can be used to transfer funds, check your balance, activate your debit or ATM card, and more.
Mail
Main Office Address
2 Harvard Street
Brookline, MA 02445
Mailing Address
Brookline Bank
PO Box 470469
Brookline, MA 02447-0469


Customer Service
At our core, we are a service company.  Assisting you with answers and solutions is ultimately what drives our success.   
Connect, Communicate, Access Us
While we encourage customers to visit our Brookline Bank offices, there are many convenient ways to get great service by phone, online, or at ATMs worldwide.
Customer Service Center
877-668-2265
Our Customer Service Center is an integral part of the Brookline Bank customer experience, designed to help you make the most out of your banking relationship. Customer Service Representatives are on hand Monday through Friday from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm, and Saturday from 8:30 am to 2:00 pm. Call during these hours for answers to questions about your account, as well as products, rates, and our locations and hours. You can reach the Customer Service Center by calling 877-668-2265.
From outside the U.S. call +1-617-278-6401.
Telephone Banking
888-730-3554
Telephone Banking enables you to securely access your accounts, twenty-four hours a day, from virtually any touch-tone or mobile phone. This free service lets you transfer funds, check balances, activate your debit or ATM card, and more. You can access the Telephone Banking System by calling toll-free 888-730-3554.
Our Locations
With banking offices located across Greater Boston and the North Shore, we make banking easy and convenient.
Mail Services
Our goal is to provide as many means as possible to let you bank the way you want, including banking by mail.
Mail Teller Service
If you choose to send deposits by U.S. Mail, please make sure to include a deposit slip and mail your check (please do not send cash) to:
Mail Teller
Brookline Bank
P.O. Box 470469
Brookline, MA 02447-9901
Order Checks
Secure & Fast Check Orders
Order your checks from Harland Clarke , our preferred provider.
Ordering checks online from Harland Clarke is as safe as ordering them in person or over the phone. Their site is Verisign secure and TruSecure certified, so your transactions and account information are safe and completely confidential. 
Routing Number
Brookline Bank Routing Number: 211371489


Investment Services
Whether your financial life is straightforward or complex, Brookline Investment Services has the experienced professionals and information to assist you with maximizing your financial outcomes.
Financial Advisors at Brookline Investment Services
The best way to develop a financial plan is by working directly with a Financial Advisor. You can meet at your nearest Brookline Bank location where, together, you can develop a plan tailored to your needs, and comfort level.
Contact a Financial Advisor Today!
Joseph M. Buckley, CFP®
Financial Advisor
617-639-2543
joseph.buckley@osaicinstitutions.com
Richard Ellington, AIF, CEBS®, CFP®
Financial Advisor
978-356-8155
richard.ellington@osaicinstitutions.com
Paul C. Hill, CRPC®, CSSCS®
Financial Advisor
617-243-3082
paul.hill@osaicinstitutions.com
Frank Marzella, CFP®, CRPC®, CSSCS®
Financial Advisor
781-235-9805
frank.marzella@osaicinstitutions.com
Jennifer Read, CFP®, ChFc®
Financial Advisor
617-730-3581
jennifer.read@osaicinstitutions.com
Better Financial Decisions
Our Financial Advisors can help you make better financial decisions for investing in your future when it comes to:
Choosing the Right Investment Strategy
Paying for College / 529 Plans
Investing for Retirement
Getting Ready to Retire / Retired
Buying & Selling Home / Real Estate
Major Life Events
Your 401(k)
Learn more by selecting the Investing in Your Future Playlist at our Learning Center.
BrokerCheck by FINRA
Investment and insurance products and services are offered through Osaic Institutions, Inc., Member FINRA /SIPC . Brookline Investment Services is a trade name of Brookline Bank. Osaic Institutions and Brookline Bank are not affiliated. Products and services made available through Osaic Institutions are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency of the United States and are not deposits or obligations of nor guaranteed or insured by any bank or bank affiliate. These products are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of value. Osaic Institutions Financial Advisors do not provide legal and/or tax advice. Consult your legal and/or tax advisor.


Insurance Agency Finance
We help you maintain control of your firm while accessing local capital. With our breadth of insurance industry knowledge, we can help you navigate the process while avoiding unnecessary bumps in the road. Contact us today to learn more.
Financing
Whether you’re acquiring an agency, conducting a family buyout, or doing a real-estate refinance, we can provide the right solution for your financing needs.
Cash Management Services
Increase the efficiency of your agency’s day-to-day financial operations while reducing expenses and exposure to fraud. (https://www.brooklinebank.com/commercial/cash-management/)
Contact Us
We’re here to help you achieve the goals for your insurance agency by providing you with the financing and cash management tools you need to get there. 
Call 781-716-3763 today to talk to us about your finance needs or email Sean McGrath at smcgrath@brkl.com.


Commercial Banking
With per client lending capacity of $40 Million or more, plus resources including Cash Management, Foreign Exchange, and Interest Rate Risk Management services, our Commercial Bankers can help create comprehensive financial solutions for your organization.
Term Loans
If you need to purchase equipment, owner-occupied commercial real estate, or require acquisition financing, we can structure term loans that provide a more predictable outcome with a range of terms and opportunities for interest rate risk management solutions.  And as a local bank, we understand the uniqueness of our marketplace, making common sense loan decisions faster and less complicated.
Lines of Credit
When a revolving line of credit is called for to help match the contour of your cash cycles, we can provide the credit you need with flexible repayment terms and options.
Financial Management Resources
Whether paying foreign suppliers in local currencies, collecting payments online, or simply getting the current status of your cash position, our Commercial Bankers will bring together the right team of financial experts to deliver a tailored solution to your operating needs.  


Meet Our Commercial Bankers
David B. L’Heureux
EVP & Division Executive, Commercial Banking
617-425-4646
dlheureux@brkl.com
Gerald Algere
Senior Vice President
781-657-1854
gerald.algere@brkl.com
David Bourret
Senior Vice President
781-657-1859
david.bourret@brkl.com
Tricia Dandrow
Senior Vice President
781-657-1852
tricia.dandrow@brkl.com
Carol Hansen
Senior Vice President
781-716-3764
chansen@brkl.com
Omar Hazoury
Senior Vice President
781-657-1853
omar.hazoury@brkl.com
Mark Miller
Senior Vice President
781-657-1856
mark.miller@brkl.com
Joseph O’Leary
Senior Vice President
781-657-1857
joseph.oleary@brkl.com
David Paikin
Senior Vice President
781-716-3761
dpaikin@brkl.com
Peter Smith
Senior Vice President
617-226-4494
peter.smith@brkl.com
Drew Casey
Vice President
617-927-7954
acasey@brkl.com
Sean McGrath
Vice President
781-716-3763
smcgrath@brkl.com


Cash Management
Our Cash Management team provides advanced solutions that allow you to increase the efficiency of day-to-day financial operations while reducing expenses and exposure to fraud. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/commercial/cash-management/)
Foreign Exchange Services
Our experienced Foreign Exchange Service Advisors are here to assist you in developing customized FX solutions. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/commercial/foreign-exchange-services/)
1031 Exchange Services
Brookline Bancorp 1031 Exchange Services provides individuals and institutions with comprehensive, like-kind exchange tax deferral solutions and strategies. For more information: (https://www.brooklinebank.com/commercial/commercial-real-estate-banking/1031-exchange/)


High Yield Savings Account
SPECIAL OFFER: Earn 4.50% Annual Percentage Yield (APY) on balances of $100,000 or more!
Take Advantage of this Special Offer!
Save more with one of the best high yield savings or money market rates available today.
High Yield Savings Account Features:
Earn 4.50% APY on balances of $100,000 or more
Funds remain liquid for your use
Opening deposit of $100,000 required
Banking, Well-Crafted.
Your 4.50% APY balances qualify you for the best we have to offer:
PREMIERACCESS Checking offers all of the Online & Mobile Banking convenience you expect. Plus use any ATM, anywhere in the U.S. for free, enjoy free standard check orders, waived fees on many other bank services including wire transfers, stop payments, and more.
And your 4.50% APY High Yield Savings Account balances qualify you for PREMIERACCESS Checking with no monthly maintenance fee.
High Yield Savings Account Offer: Personal, non-retirement accounts only. Required minimum deposit to open is $100,000. As of 2/1/2024: Annual Percentage Yield (APY) of 0.00% paid on balances below $100; APY of 0.25% paid on balances of $100 to $99,999.99; APY of 4.50% paid on balances of $100,000 or more. APY will be subject to change at any time at our discretion. Fees could reduce earnings. The monthly maintenance fee of $3.00 will be waived with an average monthly balance of $250 or more. Other general deposit account terms and conditions apply.  We reserve the right to withdraw this limited-time, special offer at any time at our discretion.
$100,000 opening deposit for High Yield Savings account must be with funds not currently on deposit at Brookline Bank.
PREMIERACCESS Checking monthly maintenance fee of $35 waived with combined qualifying balances of $35,000 or more. 


1031 Exchange Services
As a Qualified Intermediary under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, we offer strategic insight and expertise on structuring real property exchanges. Our experienced team has completed more than $30 billion in exchange transactions across the nation.
Like-Kind Exchange Tax Deferral Solutions
Brookline Bancorp 1031 Exchange Services provides individuals and institutions with comprehensive, like-kind exchange tax deferral solutions and strategies. Participants can postpone or even eliminate taxes owed on the sale of qualifying properties through a properly executed 1031 exchange.*
Security of Deposits
Whether you are in Boston, New York, Chicago, or anywhere else in the U.S., the proceeds of your property sales are well cared for when you work with Brookline Bancorp 1031 Exchange Services:
Each exchange is held in a unique escrow account. Any movement of funds from the escrow account requires your direction and signature.
Your deposits are held by Brookline Bank, member FDIC — a Massachusetts chartered bank subsidiary of Brookline Bancorp. 


Benefits of 1031 Exchanges
A Section 1031 exchange is one of the few techniques available to postpone or potentially eliminate taxes due on the sale of qualifying properties.
Tax savings allow for efficient leveraging and upsizing of investments.
1031 exchanges allow for diversification or consolidation of assets.
Improved cash flow by deferring tax payments.
Security of Funds
With Brookline Bancorp 1031 Exchange Services as your Qualified Intermediary you can rest assured that your funds are secure. Each exchange is held in a unique escrow account, segregated from any other account. By design, any movement of funds from the escrow account requires your direction and signature.  

Our Services & Approach
Our services are designed to provide clients with a high level of speed, flexibility, ease, and expertise. Brookline Bancorp 1031 Exchange Services will:
Provide initial and ongoing consultation on exchange strategies, options, and solutions.
Prepare all 1031 exchange documents including the Exchange Agreement, Assignment of Rights, and Notice of Assignments.
Open a segregated escrow account for every exchange completed. 
Work closely with your tax and legal advisors to efficiently and effectively complete your exchange.
Provide a digital record of all executed exchange documents and files.

Nine Basic Steps to a Successful 1031 Exchange
Exchanger enters into an Exchange Agreement with Brookline Bancorp 1031 Exchange Services, the Qualified Intermediary (QI).
Exchanger assigns sales contract to sell relinquished property to QI.
Exchanger conveys title of relinquished property directly to purchaser at closing.
Net sales proceeds are sent to QI at closing.
Exchanger identifies replacement property within forty-five days.
Exchanger contracts to purchase replacement property.
Exchanger assigns purchase contract to buy replacement property to QI.
Closing of the replacement property occurs within 180 days.
QI purchases replacement property with exchange funds from the sale of the relinquished property and directs the seller to convey.


Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs)
IRAs are a great way to save for retirement because your savings grow tax-deferred until you withdraw funds.*
Brookline Bank offers a range of IRA account types to meet your needs – all with the safety of FDIC insurance.
Traditional IRA
Contributions to a Traditional IRA are made with pre-tax dollars and are generally tax-deductible. Deductible contributions and earnings are taxed as ordinary income when you withdraw them. You may want to choose a Traditional IRA if you think you will be in a lower tax bracket at retirement.
Roth IRA
Contributions to a Roth IRA are made with after-tax dollars and therefore are not tax-deductible. Contributions and earnings are generally tax-free when you withdraw them. You may want to choose a Roth IRA if you think your tax bracket will be the same or higher at retirement.
Rollover IRA
Rollover IRAs allow you to consolidate funds from past employer plans such as a 401(k) and maintain the tax-deferred status of the funds.
SEP IRA
Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) IRAs are designed to meet the retirement needs of small business owners and the self-employed. SEP IRAs allow larger tax-deductible contributions than traditional IRAs.


Individual Retirement Account Details
Traditional IRA
You are eligible to establish a Traditional IRA if you have earned income/reportable compensation regardless of your age.
Features: 
Earnings remain tax deferred until you make withdrawals from your account.
Deductibility of your contribution is based on whether you or your spouse is an active participant in an employer’s sponsored retirement plan. If you are an active participant, the deductible amount is dependent on your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI). Your tax professional can help you determine your actual deduction.
You can withdraw funds from your IRA without a 10% premature distribution IRS penalty after you reach 59½.
Annual contribution limits in any combination of Traditional and Roth IRAs are:
Traditional & Roth IRA
AGE	2023	2024
Under 50	$6,500	$7,000
50 and over	$7,500	$8,000
Call us at 877-668-2265 or speak to your tax advisor to learn more about IRAs, including “catch-up” provisions.

Roth IRA
You are eligible to contribute to a Roth IRA if you or your spouse has compensation below the limits for the tax year. For single filers, the limits are under $161,000 for 2024 and under $153,000 for 2023. For joint filers, the limits are under $240,000 for 2024 and under $228,000 for 2023.
Features:
You cannot take a tax deduction for any contribution that you make to a Roth IRA. However, when you make a withdrawal, you pay no taxes on any of the earnings that your contributions have generated, provided you take the earnings as part of a “qualified distribution”.
To fulfill the IRS’s Roth IRA Qualified Distribution requirements, you must meet a five-year holding period for your Roth IRA. This period begins as of the first day of tax year for which your first Roth contribution is made anywhere. After that, any Roth IRA earnings you withdraw for a “Qualified Distribution” reason listed below are income tax free and IRS penalty tax free.
Qualified distribution reasons are:
Made on or after the date on which you attain age 59½
Made to the beneficiary (or your estate) upon your death
Attributable to your being totally and medically certified disabled
Qualifying “first-time” home purchase (up to a $10,000 lifetime limit)
Annual contribution rates in any combination of Traditional and Roth IRAs are:
Traditional & Roth IRA
AGE	2023	2024
Under 50	$6,500	$7,000
50 and over	$7,500	$8,000
Call us at 877-668-2265 or speak to your tax advisor to learn more about Roth IRAs.

Rollover IRA
If you have one or more retirement plans that you’ve left behind at previous jobs, a Brookline Bank representative will be happy to help you consolidate your accounts in one place for easier management.
Features:
Rollover IRAs all you to consolidate funds from past employers’ plans, such as 401(k), in one place.
Assets in a Rollover IRA maintain tax-deferred status.
Call us at 877-668-2265 if you are interested in a Rollover IRA. We make it easy!


Payroll & HR Services
Your employees are the lifeblood of your operation. Ensuring their pay, withholding, and benefits are managed flawlessly is both vital and time consuming.
Brookline Bank has selected New England-based Complete Payroll Solutions (CPS) to provide cost effective payroll, compliance, and integrated human resource solutions to help you deliver for your workforce.
Payroll Right Sized for Your Business
Whether you have five employees or 500, CPS has the payroll solution to fit your needs.  Large or small, CPS can simplify payroll management and enhance your employees’ view of your benefits offering.
Key Payroll Services
Payroll, direct deposit, and multi-state tax filing
Employee Self-Service Portal for pay stubs, W-2/1099s, pay history, etc.
Automated text alerts for management and employees
Secure document storage library for employer and employee records
Private intranet to keep employees informed of important company information
Optional new employee onboarding, expense reporting, and time & attendance
Ongoing customer support from industry-certified, payroll professionals
HR and Benefit Services
CPS’s HR Support Center can assist you with:
HR or benefit related questions
Heath and Benefits Administration
Development of your own employee handbook
Required company labor postings
Local Service and Guidance
With over 5,000 clients in the Northeast and 10 locations throughout New England, CPS has experts on hand, and the service infrastructure in place to be there when you need timely payroll support.
For more information about Payroll and HR Services, speak with your Brookline Bank representative.


Locations
With locations across Greater Boston and the North Shore, we make banking easy and convenient. Click on the location below for information including directions, phone numbers, and hours of operation.  An asterisk “*” indicates locations with safe deposit boxes. Please check for availability.
All Locations

Name: Arlington*
Address: 856 Massachusetts Avenue Arlington, MA 02476
Drive-Up Available

Name: Bedford
Address: 168 Great Road, Unit A Bedford, MA 01730

Name: Boston – Clarendon Street
Address: 131 Clarendon Street Boston, MA 02116

Name: Boston – State Street
Address: 33 State Street Boston, MA 02109

Name: Brookline – Brookline Village
Address: 2 Harvard Street Brookline, MA 02445

Name: Brookline – Coolidge Corner
Address: 1324 Beacon Street Brookline, MA 02446

Name: Brookline – Longwood @ St. Mary’s
Address: 1016 Beacon Street Brookline, MA 02446

Name: Brookline – Putterham Circle
Address: 1018 W. Roxbury Parkway Chestnut Hill, MA 02467

Name: Brookline – Washington Square
Address: 1661 Beacon Street Brookline, MA 02445

Name: Burlington
Address: 72 Burlington Mall Road Burlington, MA 01803

Name: Chestnut Hill
1220 Boylston Street Chestnut Hill, MA 02467
Drive-Up Available

Name: Danvers
107 High Street Danvers, MA 01923
Drive-Up Available

Name: Essex*
10 Martin Street Essex, MA 01929
Drive-Up Available

Name: Gloucester*
Address: 207 Main Street Gloucester, MA 01930

Name: Ipswich*
Address: 31 Market Street Ipswich, MA 01938
Drive-Up Available

Name: Lexington
Address: 1793 Massachusetts Avenue Lexington, MA 02420

Name: Malden
Address: 196 Commercial Street Malden, MA 02148

Name: Medford – Medford Square*
Address: 60 High Street Medford, MA 02155

Name: Medford – Salem Street*
Address: 201 Salem Street Medford, MA 02155
Drive-Up Available

Name: Medford – West Medford
Address: 430 High Street Medford, MA 02155

Name: Needham
Address: 902 Highland Avenue Needham, MA 02494

Name: Newton – Newton Centre*
Address: 10 Langley Road #200 Newton Centre, MA 02459

Name: Newton – Newton Highlands
Address: 1160 Walnut Street Newton Highlands, MA 02461
Drive-Up Available

Name: Newton – Newtonville
Address: 323 Walnut Street Newtonville, MA 02460

Name: Rowley
Address: 144 Newburyport Turnpike Rowley, MA 01969
Drive-Up Available

Name: Waltham
Address: 456 Main Street Waltham, MA 02452
Drive-Up Available

Name: Wellesley – Wellesley Hills
Address: 448 Washington Street Wellesley, MA 02482

Name: Wellesley – Wellesley Lower Falls
Address: 5 Washington Street Wellesley, MA 02481

Name: West Roxbury
Address: 1808 Centre StreetBoston, MA 02132


Your Qualified
Intermediary for
1031 Exchanges
Brookline Bank is your source for strategic insight and expertise on structuring real property exchanges. 
Receive Tax Deferral Expertise from an Experienced Qualified Intermediary
We provide individuals and institutions with comprehensive, like-kind exchange tax deferral solutions and strategies. As a Qualified Intermediary under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, we offer strategic insight and expertise on structuring real property exchanges.
Benefits of 1031 Exchanges
Postpone or eliminate taxes due on the sale of qualifying properties.
Tax savings allow for efficient leveraging and upsizing of investments.
1031 Exchanges allow for asset diversification or consolidation.
Improved cash flow by deferring tax payments.
Our Approach and Services
Through a properly executed 1031 Exchange, participants can postpone or even eliminate taxes owed on the sale of qualifying properties. We've designed our approach to provide clients with a high level of speed, flexibility, ease and expertise when completing this process. During this process, we will deliver the following services for you:
Initial and ongoing consultation provided on exchange strategies, options and solutions
Preparation of all 1031 Exchange documents including the Exchange Agreement, Assignment of Rights, and Notice of Assignments
Close collaboration with your tax and legal advisors to efficiently and effectively complete your exchange


WEALTH MANAGEMENT & PRIVATE BANKING
Clarendon Private is a full-service wealth management and private banking firm that serves individuals, families, foundations, and endowments. Combining the resources and expertise of a comprehensive investment management firm with the personal touch of a private bank, Clarendon Private builds lasting value for its clients.
A goals-driven approach to wealth management
Clarendon Private’s client-centered culture delivers personalized strategies and fully-integrated wealth management solutions tailored to each client’s individual goals and objectives.
Concierge-level service
We pride ourselves on offering exceptional client service and complete customization of a client’s investment portfolio. Each client has a dedicated point of contact that coordinates the firm’s resources and delivers the expertise of a team of subject matter experts.
Relationship-driven Private Banking
Working in partnership with our affiliate Brookline Bank, we provide banking and lending solutions to assist clients with both the asset and liability sides of their balance sheets.
Our Team
At Clarendon Private, members of our team average over twenty years of experience helping individuals, families, endowments and foundations grow and preserve their wealth.
As fiduciaries we take our Client First commitment seriously. Our client’s unique interests and personal goals are at the center of everything we do.
Clarendon Private LLC (“Clarendon Private”), a wholly owned non-bank subsidiary of Brookline Bancorp, Inc., and a non-bank affiliate of Brookline Bank, is a registered investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). SEC registration does not imply a level of skill or training. Clarendon Private offers a wide range of investment advisory services that are separate but complement Brookline Bank’s client banking services.
Clarendon Private does not offer proprietary bank products or services, and thus is separate in the services it provides from Brookline Bank. No employees are shared between Clarendon Private and Brookline Bank, and no employee of either Clarendon Private or Brookline Bank perform on behalf of the other entity.
Upon entering the Clarendon Private website, please review the disclosures to its potential and current clients, including the Client Relationship Summary and the Form ADV Part 2A, located at the bottom of each page.


Accessibility
Serving all of our customers, including those with disabilities, is a commitment we do not take lightly.
Here are a few of the steps we’ve taken to make our services more accessible.
Online Services
Our website is monitored and tested regularly for compliance with WCAG 2.2 standards. We also work with our service providers, including those providing Online & Mobile Banking, to ensure that they are applying similar standards. While we are not yet 100% accessible for people with all disabilities, most features of our online services are accessible with various forms of adaptive technology.
If you need assistance with our online services, or any of our other products and services, please call our Customer Service Center during normal business hours at 877-668-2265.

Brookline Bank Offices
Directions to all of our offices and ATM locations are available on our locations listing. These directions include the location of the nearest MBTA service, where available.
All of our locations are wheelchair accessible.  And all Brookline Bank ATMs are equipped with “talking” ATM technology and feature braille orientation instructions.
Our staff will be happy to provide reasonable accommodations when services or programs are not accessible.

Telephone & Mail Banking
In addition to our office locations and online services, we offer several alternative ways to bank with us right from your home or office.

Aira Access Network
We are pleased to offer our blind and low-vision customers free use of the Aira Access Network when doing their banking. Customers can also use the Aira app on their smartphone to connect with trained professionals who deliver information on an individual’s surroundings, and who work with them to complete any number of tasks, such as using an ATM, entering and moving around a Brookline Bank office, or navigating within Online & Mobile Banking.


Personal Checking
Our ACCESSCHECKING accounts give you the online convenience you’d expect, plus the more personalized level of service you deserve.  Choose from the options below and open online now, or visit your nearest Brookline Bank location.
ACCESSONE
This basic checking account is the right choice if you are looking for Online & Mobile Banking with Mobile Check Deposit, Bill Pay, Zelle®, eStatements, and a Debit Mastercard® — all with no minimum balance requirement or monthly maintenance fee.
ACCESSPLUS
ACCESSPLUS Checking adds free access to thousands of ATMs in the SUM® program plus other benefits.  There’s no monthly maintenance fee when you keep a minimum balance, or if you choose the convenience of Direct Deposit for your payroll or monthly government check.
PREMIERACCESS
PREMIERACCESS Checking is our top of the line account. It lets you use any ATM, anywhere in the U.S. for free, provides free standard check orders, waives fees on many bank services, and much more. It offers all of the benefits you would expect for customers who have more substantial banking relationships.
Brookline Bank Debit Mastercard
All ACCESSCHECKING accounts come with a Debit Mastercard letting you purchase goods and services or withdraw cash at countless retail locations, websites, ATMs, and more.
You can get cash at thousands of ATM locations, make purchases wherever Mastercard is accepted, add it to your mobile wallet for secure mobile payments, and even turn it on or off for greater security with our Card management feature in Online & Mobile Banking.


Checking Account Details
ACCESSONE
Our ACCESSONE account is perfect if you are looking for basic checking and no monthly maintenance fee or minimum balance requirement.
ACCESSONE Features Include:
Online & Mobile Banking with Mobile Check Deposit, Bill Pay, Zelle, and eStatements
A Debit Mastercard®
Free withdrawals at Brookline Bank ATMs
A companion ACCESS Savings account
No monthly maintenance fee & no minimum daily balance required

ACCESSPLUS
Our ACCESSPLUS Checking account rewards you with more access to free ATMs and savings on select Brookline Bank services. You can waive the monthly maintenance fee with Direct Deposit or by using the combined balance of all deposits and select loans*.
ACCESSPLUS Features Include:
Online & Mobile Banking with Mobile Check Deposit, Bill Pay, Zelle®, and eStatements
Unlimited free use of thousands of ATMs in the SUM® program
A Debit Mastercard®
Free initial order of standard checks
Free overdraft transfers from savings or money market account
A companion ACCESS Savings account
The ability to waive the $16.50 monthly maintenance fee with Direct Deposit or $5,000 in combined balances*

PREMIERACCESS
Our top-of-the-line checking account, PREMIERACCESS recognizes you for the significant relationship you have with Brookline Bank by providing the freedom to use any ATM in the U.S.A. with no charge, free check orders, and waived fees on many bank services.

PREMIERACCESS Features Include:
Online & Mobile Banking with Mobile Check Deposit, Bill Pay, Zelle®, and eStatements
Unlimited free use of any ATM in the U.S.A. (we’ll refund other banks’ fees on your monthly statement)
A Debit Mastercard®
Many service fees waived – including those for wire transfers and stop payments
Free standard checks and reorders
Interest on balances above $100
Free overdraft transfers from savings or money market account
An ACCESS Savings account
$35.00 Monthly maintenance fee waived for Signature Business Banking customers or with $35,000 in combined balances*

Checking Account Comparison
ACCESSONE CHECKING¹	ACCESSPLUS CHECKING	PREMIERACCESS CHECKING
Description	A smart, simple account with no monthly maintenance fee	Add Direct Deposit or combine balances to waive monthly maintenance fee	Enjoy a full range of benefits and waived fees.
Free Online & Mobile Banking with Mobile Check Deposit, Bill Pay, Zelle® & eStatements	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available
Free Debit Mastercard®	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available
An ACCESS Savings account	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available
Free Telephone Banking	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available
Lower rates on select loans with Autopay from Checking	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available
Free overdraft transfers from Savings/Money Market		Service Available	Service Available
Unlimited free access to thousands of SUM® program ATMs2		Service Available	Service Available
Unlimited free access to any ATM in the USA			Service Available
We’ll refund other banks’ surcharges on your monthly statement.
Free standard checkbook orders			Service Available
A $15 value that can be applied to other checkbook orders.
Waived fees for many bank services			Service Available
Includes stop payments, wire transfers, overdraft transfers, home equity annual fee, safe deposit box annual fee, and more.
Interest on checking balances of $100 or more			Service Available
Monthly maintenance fee	None	$16.50; waived with Direct Deposit or $5,000 in combined balances.3	$35.00; waived for Signature Business Banking customers or with $35,000 in combined balances.


Foreign Exchange Services
Manage, send, and receive overseas payments with confidence.
Full Service FX
Our experienced Foreign Exchange Advisors will assist you in developing customized FX solutions, including:
Risk Management Advisory
Spot & Forward Contracts
Foreign Currency Accounts (Wallet)*
International Wire Transfers
FX Banknotes
International Check Collections & Cash Letters
For a more comprehensive view of our services, see our FX Benefits Guide (https://www.brooklinebank.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/Brookline-Bank-FX.pdf)
Pay in Local Currency & Save More!
Download our free report, “Think Global, Pay Local” to learn how to lower FX costs.
Helps avoid unforeseen charges
Positively impact your cash flow
Up to 10% reduction in cost of foreign goods
Improve relationships with your overseas vendors
Download By: https://www.brooklinebank.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Think-Global-Pay-Local-1.pdf
Gain Control with Brookline Bank-FX
Brookline Bank-FX is a secure, multi-user, online platform offering transparency in pricing and competitive rates in today’s fast moving world. It streamlines the formatting of your foreign currency payments, and lets you hold foreign currency in your “wallet” for use at any time.
Execute payments with ease, from initiating and authorizing their release, to viewing reports. Send a payment now or schedule for a later date.  Even control the level of access each user has.
Foreign Currency Incoming Wire Instructions
For specifications, please email the Foreign Exchange Services Group at john.kirkwood@brkl.com or leon.attarian@brkl.com


Business Loans
For credit-qualified businesses, we can deliver the right loan or line of credit for your specific need.
Smaller requests can be handled at any Brookline Bank location, with fast decisions. Our Business Banking Officers can assist with larger, more specialized loan requests.
Fast, Local Decisions with Low Rates
For loans or lines of credit up to $250,000, you’ll have your decision in as few as three business days.* Our rates are lower than many online lenders and decisions are made locally by lending professionals who understand the Greater Boston business marketplace.
Need a Larger or More Specialized Loan?
Speak with a Business Banking Officer who can tailor a financing solution to fit your business's needs, including:
Term Loans
Term Loans from Brookline Bank offer funding with set monthly repayment terms for planned purchases, business expansion, or other significant capital needs.
Lines of Credit
A Business Line of Credit is a great way to be sure you’ll have access to funds to keep your operations running smoothly or for unforeseen expenses.
Commercial Mortgages
Need to purchase or refinance your building? Need more space? We have extensive experience in crafting the right mortgage financing for owner-occupied or investment properties.
Meet Our Business Banking Officers
Thomas Smith
SVP, Business Banking Team Leader
781-237-2388
tsmith@brkl.com
Farah Ali
Business Banking Officer
617-226-4451
fali@brkl.com
Andy Beepath
Business Banking Officer
617-323-5259
abeepath@brkl.com
David Gladstone
Business Banking Officer
617-835-8372
dgladstone@brkl.com
Christian Gonzalez
Business Banking Officer
978-356-8133
cgonzalez@brkl.com
Lisa Lorgeree
Business Banking Officer
781-863-5808
llorgeree@brkl.com
Bryan Manandhar
Business Banking Officer
617-991-9782
bmanandhar@brkl.com
Ariel Noesi
Business Banking Officer
781-393-2814
anoesi@brkl.com
SBA Loans
Brookline Bank is an SBA Preferred Lender, offering SBAExpress and 504 loans. These programs allow businesses to benefit from partial government guaranty for a wide range of financing needs with lower out-of-pocket expenses.


Business Services
Our Business Services offer you the ability to gain greater visibility and control of your business and its finances – while saving money.
A Brookline Bank representative will be happy to assist you with selecting the right mix of services for your needs.
Deposit XPress
With Deposit XPress, our remote deposit capture service, you use a desktop scanner or a mobile device to capture and securely transmit check images to us. Deposits sent by 6:00 pm are processed same day. 
Card Payment Processing
Make it easier for your customers to pay for your services with technology that integrates with all of your payment acceptance points – online, in-store, back-office, or over-the-phone.
Payroll & HR Services
Whether you have five employees or 500, we offer solutions that can simplify payroll management and enhance your employees’ view of your benefits offering.
Business Credit Cards
A Brookline Bank Business Credit Card helps you improve cash flow, increase buying power, and better track your business and employee expenses.
Foreign Exchange Services
Manage, send, and receive overseas payments with confidence with our full selection of foreign exchange products and advisory services.
ZEscrow - Escrow Services
We offer a simplified solution for escrow management via an online portal that allows you to set up, fund, and track subaccounts without making a trip to the bank.
Brookline Bank Business Brief
A quick look at who we work with. A Brookline Bank representative will be happy to discuss your business’s unique financial needs and provide a tailored solution.
More Sophisticated Tools
If you have greater needs for information, cash flow management, and fraud protection services, we have a full suite of sophisticated Cash Management Services and experts to help tailor the right solutions for your needs.


Business Checking Account Options

Business Checking
Business Checking is designed for businesses with a limited amount of monthly activity and that want a low-cost account.
Business Checking Benefits Include:
150 free transactions
Free multi-user Business Online & Mobile Banking, eStatements, and Business Bill Pay
Free Debit Mastercard® BusinessCard 
Surcharge-free transactions at SUM® program ATMs
Business Checking Fees:
Average monthly available account balance to waive monthly maintenance fee – $2,500
Monthly maintenance fee – $7.50
1 First 150 transactions per statement cycle are free, then $0.50 for each transaction thereafter.

Business Gold Checking
Our Business Gold Checking account is designed for businesses that have moderate levels of monthly transactions and that need additional business services.
Business Gold Checking Benefits Include:
500 free transactions1
Free multi-user Business Online & Mobile Banking, eStatements, and Business Bill Pay
Access to select business service such as Deposit XPress, etc.
Free Debit Mastercard® BusinessCard
Surcharge-free transactions at SUM® program ATMs
Overdraft protection from your companion Business Savings or Money Market account
Business Gold Checking Fees
There are two ways the $22.00 monthly maintenance fee can be waived:
Maintain a $12,500 average monthly available account balance, or
Maintain a $25,000 combined balance.
1 First 500 transactions per statement cycle are free, then $0.50 for each transaction thereafter.
2 Combined balance for Business Gold Checking is calculated by adding together the average daily balance of all your business savings, checking and money market accounts since their last statement date (note: CD balances are not combined).

Commercial Checking
Our Commercial Checking account is designed for larger organizations with more complex cash management needs. It is often paired with our other checking accounts and cash management services. A Brookline Bank representative will work with you to tailor the right selection of services to meet your operating needs.
Commercial Checking Benefits Include:
Earnings credit allowance on average available balance to offset service charges
A choice of online banking solutions – Cash Management Online or Business Online & Mobile Banking
Access to a full range of cash management services
Surcharge-free transactions at SUM® program ATMs
Overdraft protection from your companion Business Savings or Money Market account

Non-Profit Checking With Interest
The Non-Profit Checking with Interest account is designed for non-profit organizations and has no minimum balance requirement.
Non-Profit Checking with Interest Benefits Include:
200 free transactions1
Free multi-user Business Online & Mobile Banking, eStatements, and Business Bill Pay
Free Debit Mastercard® BusinessCard
Surcharge free transactions at SUM® program ATMs
Overdraft protection from your companion Business Savings or Money Market account
Non-Profit Checking with Interest – Rates and Fees:
Monthly maintenance fee – None
1First 200 transactions per statement cycle are free, then $0.75 for each transaction thereafter.

Community Access Checking
Community Access Checking is a basic account for unincorporated entities such as community groups, clubs and leagues. It provides a no- or low-cost account with many features – including no minimum balance requirement.
Community Access Checking:
20 free debits per statement period1
No minimum balance requirement
No monthly charges when eStatements are chosen2
Free Online & Mobile Banking, eStatements, and Business Bill Pay
Free Debit Mastercard® BusinessCard
Surcharge free transactions at SUM® program ATMs
1Each additional debit over 20 is $1.00
2A $2.00 monthly fee applies if you choose to receive paper statements

IOLTA Checking
An IOLTA Checking account from Brookline Bank is a secure, interest-bearing account for lawyers’ client funds. Attorneys can enjoy free wire transfers and online banking services with no monthly maintenance fee or minimum balance requirement.
IOLTA Checking Benefits Include:
Free wire transfers
Free Business Online & Mobile Banking & eStatements
No monthly maintenance fee or minimum balance requirement
Brookline Bank is a Massachusetts IOLTA “Leadership Institution”


Compare Business Checking Accounts Accounts
From low-cost business checking to fully analyzed accounts with Earnings Credit and complete cash management solutions, we can help you minimize the time, effort, and money you spend on banking!
Business Checking Accounts
Business Checking	Business Gold Checking	Commercial Checking	Non-profit Checking With Interest	Community Access Checking	IOLTA Checking
Business Checking	Business Gold Checking	Commercial Checking	Non-profit Checking With Interest	Community Access Checking	IOLTA Checking
Description	A low-cost account for businesses with basic needs.	For moderate transaction volumes and basic cash management solutions.	The right choice for high transaction volumes or more complex financial/cash management requirements.	For non-profit organizations, an interest earning checking account.	A great choice for unincorporated small groups and clubs.	Designed for attorneys and law firms who need to administer client funds.
Free Business Online & Mobile Banking with Business Bill Pay & eStatements	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available
Free Debit Mastercard® BusinessCard	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available	Service Available	
Access to Deposit XPress (Remote Deposit Service)		Service Available	Service Available	Service Available		
Signature Business Banking Benefits		Signature Business Banking Benefits Available	Signature Business Banking Benefits Available			
Access to Online ACH and Wire Transfers		Service Available	Service Available			
Access to full Cash Management Services including Account Analysis			Service Available			
Earns Interest			Service Available
Earnings Credit	Service Available		Service Available
Mass. IOLTA “Leadership Institution”
Monthly Maintenance Fee	$7.50	$22.00	$16.00	Free	Free3	Free
Minimum balance to waive monthly maintenance fee	$2,500 average monthly account balance	$12,500 average monthly account balance OR $25,000 combined balance1	n/a	No Fee	No Fee	No Fee
Per item fee2	First 150 free, then $0.50 for each item thereafter	First 500 free, then $0.50 for each item thereafter	$0.20 for each check paid, $0.75 for each deposit, $0.15 for each item deposited, $0.18 for each ACH transaction	First 200 free, then $0.75 for each item thereafter	First 20 debits free, then $1.00 for each debit thereafter	None
1 Combined balance for Business Gold Checking is calculated by adding together the average daily balance of all your business savings, checking and money market accounts since their last statement date.  (Note: CD balances are not combined).
2 An item is defined as each debit, credit, or deposited item. Additional fees may apply for other transaction types.
3 $2.00 monthly fee applies if you choose to receive paper statements rather than eStatements.


Business
Running a business is challenging enough without having to worry about your banking relationship. We pride ourselves on offering you the products you want with the service you deserve.
Signature Business Banking
We value strong relationships with business owners by offering premium services and savings for their business and personal finances.
Business Loans
Look to us for term loans, lines of credit, SBA lending, and the expert support of our Business Banking team.
Business Services
A selection of time- and money-saving services – including remote deposit, card payment acceptance, payroll, and more – that can assist with your day-to-day operations.
Business Checking
Whether for a small business, a larger, growing business, or a non-profit organization, we have the right account – or combination of accounts.
Business Online & Mobile Banking
Powerful financial management tools plus the ability to control what users have permission to see and do.
Business Online & Mobile Banking
Business Savings & Money Market Accounts
Your choice of options to earn interest on idle, excess cash, while maintaining liquidity.
Business Savings & Money Market Accounts
Condominium Association Banking
We are a leader in condo banking and have the experts to make sure your capital and operating requirements are met.


Cash Management
Our Cash Management team provides advanced solutions that allow you to increase the efficiency of day-to-day financial operations while reducing expenses and exposure to fraud.
Cash Management Online Banking
At the core of our services is Cash Management Online – a secure, multi-user, online and mobile banking environment in which to manage your vital financial transactions. It provides critical information to make timely decisions, tools to effectively manage your cash flow, a range of fraud detection services, and the ability to securely make payments with a variety of options.
Collections
Optimize your cash flow with easy-to-use payment receivables solutions.
Expedite funds availability by collecting payments quickly and securely.
Improve cash management forecasting.
Accept payments online from anywhere, anytime.
Click on each item below for more information.
Deposit XPress (Remote Deposit Capture)
ACH Collections
Card Payment Processing (Merchant Services)
Payment Portal
Lockbox Services
ZEscrow - Escrow Services
Disbursements
Manage your accounts payable with a variety of secure, online payment options.
Safe and secure means for moving funds.
Improved cash management forecasting.
Reduction of time and expense.
Proactive management of your daily cash position.
Click on each item below for more information.
ACH Payments
US Dollar and Foreign Currency Wire Transfers
Controlled Disbursement
Bill Payment
Purchasing Card
Please contact your Brookline Bank representative, or speak to our Cash Management team to discuss how we can tailor a program to meet your specific needs.

Fraud Protection
Protect your business accounts with powerful risk management tools.
Online security features protecting the integrity of online transactions through “layered security”.
Dual control for payment transactions.
Check fraud mitigation.
Detection of unauthorized ACH Debits.
Click on each item below for more information.
Online Banking Security
Check Positive Pay with Payee Matching
ACH Positive Pay
Fraud Alerts

Liquidity Management
Put idle funds to work for your business by concentrating funds, investing, or paying down debt automatically.
Automatic investment of excess cash maximizes working capital resources.
Multiple investment options offered to meet your financial objectives.
Maximize interest income by sweeping funds into overnight investment vehicles.
Click on each item below for more information.
Automated Sweep Services
Investment Sweep
Loan Sweep
Zero Balance Account (ZBA)


Commercial Real Estate Banking
Local expertise. Creative solutions. Customized financing. 
A Heritage of Real Estate Expertise
Our seasoned team of Commercial Real Estate Bankers provide customized solutions to meet your financing needs. Local decision-making and rapid response to your unique capital needs is our commitment to you.
We provide financing options for non-owner-occupied properties such as multi-family, office, industrial, retail, and more.
A Wide Range of Solutions
Financing Types: Acquisition, refinancing, construction, interim, and long-term lending
Rates: Competitive fixed or floating rates
Terms: Up to 15 years
Amortization: Flexible repayment schedules typically 20 to 30 years
Location: Throughout New England
Size: Ranging from $1 million to $50 million with capabilities to arrange larger loan amounts
Other: Client specific LTV, DSCR, recourse, and interest-only periods


Meet our Commercial Real Estate Banking Team
Robert E. Brown
EVP & Division Executive, Commercial Real Estate
617-927-7977
rbrown@brkl.com
Ali Abdullah
Senior Vice President, Team Leader
617-927-4839
aabdullah@brkl.com
David Scherer
Senior Vice President, Team Leader
617-927-4882
dscherer@brkl.com
Henri A. Soucy
Senior Vice President, Team Leader
617-927-7972
hsoucy@brkl.com
Peter Lennon
Senior Vice President, Team Leader
617-927-7980
plennon@brkl.com
Marcelo Dutra
Senior Vice President
617-425-4681
mdutra@brkl.com
Joan Matera
Senior Vice President
617-927-4809
jmatera@brkl.com
Ryan Abbott
Vice President
617-425-5351
rabbott@brkl.com
Stephen Jussaume
Vice President
617-927-7983
sjussaume@brkl.com
Dianne Lopes
Vice President
617-927-4870
dlopes@brkl.com
Charles Gregg
Vice President
781-825-5633
cgregg@brkl.com
Robert Page
Vice President
617-927-7929
rpage@brkl.com
George Farley
Sr. Portfolio Manager
617-927-7945
gfarley@brkl.com
Jonathan Fierro
Sr. Portfolio Manager
617-927-4894
jfierro@brkl.com
Dylan Gale
Sr. Portfolio Manager
617-927-7992
dgale@brkl.com


Open Your CD Online Today!
Safe, secure savings with fixed rates.
Our Certificate of Deposit (CD) options deliver competitive rates and terms to help meet your longer-term savings goals – all with the safety of FDIC insurance.
Choose from our selection of CDs below and start saving today!  
Online CD Rates
The following CD rates are in effect as of July 11, 2024. Rates are subject to change without notice. 
ACCOUNT TYPE	ANNUAL PERCENTAGE YIELD (APY)1	RATE	MINIMUM DEPOSIT TO OPEN OR EARN APY	OPEN TODAY!
7 Month CD Special	5.100%	4.985%	$5,000	Open Online
9 Month CD Special	5.000%	4.889%	$5,000	Open Online
13 Month CD Special	5.000%	4.889%	$5,000	Open Online
24 Month CD Special	4.250%	4.169%	$5,000	Open Online
1 Personal CD accounts only. There is a substantial penalty for early withdrawal from a certificate account. Fees could reduce earnings on accounts. Refer to account Disclosures for more information about these accounts. Please note that CDs cannot be renewed online, however they can be renewed by calling our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265, or through secure conversations in Online & Mobile Banking.


Why Save with Brookline Bank?
Click on each item below for more information.
Fast Online Account Opening
You’ll have your new CD opened in just minutes. To get you off to a fast start, please have the following information ready:
Your State’s Driver’s License or Identification Card.  We’ll need to take a picture of it later in the process. (New customers only.)
Your Social Security Number. Your SSN and a few other personal details are required to create your profile. (New customers only.)
Funding Source Information.  The routing number and account number for the account you will use to fund your new Brookline Bank account.
Hands-On Customer Service - 877-668-2265
Our Customer Service Representatives are here to help if you have any questions about your new CD or our online application.  They’re also here for you when it is time to renew your expiring CDs.  Call 877-668-2265 Monday-Friday, 8:00 am – 6:00 pm ET, and Saturday, 8:30 am – 2:00 pm ET.
And when you open your new Brookline Bank CD, be sure to sign up for Online & Mobile Banking so you can view your account 24/7 – and contact us via our secure “Conversations” feature.
A Proud Banking History
We’ve been providing a full range of banking services in our communities for over 150 years.
You’ll enjoy our hands-on approach to customer service whether or not you have a Brookline Bank location nearby.


Overdraft Privilege Service
If you have ever written a check or attempted to make a purchase with your Debit Card when you did not have available funds in your account, you know the expense or embarrassment it can cause.
To help you avoid these situations, Brookline Bank offers qualified customers our Overdraft Privilege Service. We generally notify customers by mail when they are qualified for this service. Check with us if you are not sure whether you received this notification.
What You Need to Know about Overdrafts and Overdraft Fees
An overdraft occurs when you do not have enough money available in your account to cover a transaction, but we pay it anyway. We can cover your overdrafts in two different ways:
We have standard overdraft practices that come with your account if you are qualified, called Overdraft Privilege Service.
We also offer several overdraft protection plans, which may be less expensive than our standard overdraft practices. You may use a savings, money market, or another checking account to cover overdrafts. We also offer a line of credit that can protect your account. To learn more about these plans, visit one of our locations or contact our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265.
What Standard Overdraft Practices Are Available to Me?
With our Overdraft Privilege Service we may authorize and pay overdrafts, up to $800 (including overdraft fees), for the following types of transactions:
Checks and other transactions made using your checking account
Online banking bill payments
Recurring electronic payments
We Will Not Authorize and Pay Overdrafts for the Following Types of Transactions Unless you "Opt In":
One-time Debit Card transactions
ATM withdrawals
We pay overdrafts at our discretion, which means we do not guarantee that we will always authorize and pay any type of transaction. If we do not authorize and pay an overdraft, your transaction will be declined.
Opt In or Out of Debit Card purchase & ATM withdrawal coverage.
You will be directed to a secure request form. You may change your decision at any time.
What Fees Will I Be charged If Brookline Bank Pays My Overdrafts?
Under our standard overdraft practices (Overdraft Privilege Service):
We will charge you a fee of $35 each time we pay an overdraft.
Frequently Asked Questions about Our Overdraft Privilege Service
Additional information about our Overdraft Privilege Service, including information about fees and repayment obligations, can be found in our FAQs.
For more information, please contact our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265.


ZEscrow - Escrow Services
Simplified escrow management and tracking designed for businesses like yours.
Our digital solution helps you manage and hold client funds within a comprehensive and convenient online portal. Whether you’re holding security deposits, down payments, or retainers, you can manage it all with ZEscrow. 
Easy Escrow Management
With ZEscrow, you can open your subaccounts right from your home or office. Once you’ve opened a master account, you can fund, track and monitor all your subaccounts without needing to go to the bank.  
Statements and Reporting
ZEscrow helps to simplify your accounting process with detailed monthly statements, and allocation and reporting of interest. Each of your client beneficiaries will receive their 1099s directly. You’ll also receive balance reports with important details in a downloadable format. 
Interest Disbursement
ZEscrow offers a monthly interest disbursement option for your clients’ convenience.  


Mortgages
Whether you are purchasing your first home, up-sizing, down-sizing, or refinancing, we can help you find the right mortgage.
Our online application is fast and easy, and our Mortgage Officers can assist you all along the way with a wide selection of terms and loan amounts – including jumbo and non-conforming mortgages.
Adjustable-Rate Mortgages
Our Adjustable-Rate Mortgages (ARMs) start you out at a low, initial rate for a set period of years and then adjust annually. ARMs can be ideal for first-time home buyers as they may offer lower initial monthly payments than fixed-rate alternatives.
Fixed-Rate Mortgages
If you are looking to lock in a fixed, monthly payment for the life of your mortgage, consider one of our Fixed-Rate Mortgage options.
Which Mortgage is Right for You?
Do you plan to stay in your home for a short or long time? What size monthly payment can you afford? Do you want to pay off principal quickly? There are many questions to answer when selecting the right mortgage.
Try our ARM vs. Fixed-Rate Mortgage Calculator and our 15 vs. 30 year Fixed Rate Calculator to help you find the best mortgage type and term for you.
Best of all, our Mortgage Officers are available to help answer your most detailed questions.


Mortgage Rates
Adjustable Rates
For 1-4 family, owner-occupied, primary residences.
A 30 year amortization period except where stated for interest-only ARMs.
A 2% cap per rate adjustment and 6% lifetime cap.
Rate lock-in options are available.
Rates below reflect a discount for making automatic payments from a Brookline Bank account. Without Autopay, rates will increase by 0.25%.
Rates shown below were in effect on July 17, 2024 and may increase after the initial period. APR calculations are based on a down payment of 20% and a loan amount of $250,000 ($750,000 for Jumbo Mortgages) and are for example only. Payments shown are for monthly principal and interest and do not include taxes or insurance. Rates change frequently and may have changed from those below. This is not an offer of credit. Applicants must qualify. Contact a Brookline Bank Mortgage Officer for current rates.

APPLY NOW

Adjustable-Rate Mortgages
LOAN TYPE	LOAN AMOUNT	PAYMENT PERIOD (30 YEARS)	INTEREST RATE	POINTS	ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE (APR)1	MONTHLY PAYMENT PER $1,000 BORROWED
5/1 ARM	Up to $750,000	First 60 Months

Remaining 300 Months (Fully Indexed)2	6.625%

7.750%	0

–	7.406%

–	$6.40

$7.08
Jumbo 5/1 ARM	$750,000 and over3	First 60 Months

Remaining 300 Months (Fully Indexed)2	6.625%

7.750%	0

–	7.363%

–	$6.40

$7.08
7/1 ARM	Up to $750,000	First 84 Months

Remaining 276 Months (Fully Indexed)2	6.750%

7.750%	0

–	7.334%

–	$6.49

$7.06
Jumbo 7/1 ARM	$750,000 and over3	First 84 Months

Remaining 276 Months (Fully Indexed)2	6.750%

7.750%	0

–	7.295%

–	$6.49

$7.06
10/1 ARM Interest-Only4	Up to $750,000	First 120 Months

Remaining 240 Months (Fully Indexed)2	6.999%

7.750%	0

–	7.366%

–	$5.83

$8.21
Jumbo 10/1 ARM Interest-Only4	$750,000 and over3	First 120 Months

Remaining 240 Months (Fully Indexed)2	6.999%

7.750%	0

–	7.330%

–	$5.83

$8.21
1. APRs reflect a discount for making automatic payments from a Brookline Bank Checking Account. Rates and monthly payments will adjust after the fifth, seventh, or tenth year depending on the loan type selected, and each year thereafter. Rate adjustments are capped at 2% per adjustment and 6% for the life of the loan. Adjusted rates are based on an index of the weekly average yield on United States Treasury Securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year (as published by the Federal Reserve Board in Selected Interest Rates Publication H15) plus a margin of 2.75%. Rates apply to loans for which there is a 20% down payment for purchases or a maximum of 80% financing for refinances. The payment is for monthly principal and interest only for the first five, seven, or ten years depending on which loan type selected. Property insurance is required.
2. Fully Indexed rates and payment examples are estimates of what could apply for the remaining term of the loan based on the current index. Actual interest rates and payments will adjust in accordance with the terms of the loan.
3. Terms for Jumbo ARM amounts in excess of $2,000,000 vary. Speak to a Mortgage Officer for more information.
4. Interest-Only (I/O) ARM payments require interest-only payments at the stated fixed rate for the fixed period then amortize fully using traditional mortgage-style amortization at the fully-indexed variable rate; resetting annually over the remainder of the stated loan term. This is typically 20 years of amortization on a 30 year loan after the initial 10 year interest-only period.


Fixed Rates
For single family, owner-occupied, primary residences.
Rate lock-in options are available.
Rates below reflect a discount for making automatic payments from a Brookline Bank account. Without Autopay, rates will increase by 0.25%.
Rates shown below were in effect on July 17, 2024.  APR calculations are based on a down payment of 20% and a loan amount of $250,000 ($750,000 for Jumbo Mortgages) and are for example only.  Payments shown are for monthly principal and interest and do not include taxes or insurance. Rates change frequently and may have changed from those below. This is not an offer of credit. Applicants must qualify. Contact a Brookline Bank Mortgage Officer for current rates.

APPLY NOW

Fixed-Rate Mortgages
LOAN TYPE	INTEREST RATE	POINTS	ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE (APR)1	TERM IN MONTHS	MONTHLY PAYMENT PER $1,000 BORROWED
30-Year Fixed
Loans to $750,000	6.750%	0	6.863%	360	$6.49
Jumbo 30-Year Fixed

Loans to $2 million2

6.750%	0	6.824%	360	$6.49
20-Year Fixed
Loans to $750,000	6.500%	0	6.644%	240	$7.46
Jumbo 20-Year Fixed
Loans to $2 million2	6.500%	0	6.594%	240	$7.46
15-Year Fixed
Loans to $750,000	6.250%	0	6.426%	180	$8.57
Jumbo 15-Year Fixed
Loans to $2 million2	6.250%	0	6.363%	180	$8.57
1. Rates shown are for 1-4 family, owner-occupied, primary residences. Property insurance is required.
2. Terms for Jumbo Mortgage amounts in excess of $2,000,000 vary. Speak to a Mortgage Officer for more information.


Contact a Mortgage Officer
John K. Ferguson
617-927-4817
john.ferguson@brkl.com
NMLS ID: 236181
Larry Bourgoin
814-660-4228
lbourgoin@brkl.com
NMLS ID: 840690
Virginia (Geanie) Melendez
617-730-6038
virginia.melendez@brkl.com
NMLS ID: 1886088
Michael Moscone
978-356-8242
mmoscone@brkl.com
NMLS ID: 476792


Certificates of Deposit (CDs)
Safe, secure savings with fixed rates.
Our Certificate of Deposit options deliver competitive rates and terms to help meet your longer-term savings goals, and plan for and manage your retirement finances. Ranging from 3 months to 5 years, they provide a safe, low cost vehicle to help your money grow.
We also offer a selection of CD Specials with higher interest rates in a variety of terms that can be opened online.
CD Special Rates & Terms
The following CD Special rates are in effect as of July 18, 2024. Rates are subject to change without notice. For all of our current CD rates, visit your nearest Brookline Bank location or call 877-668-2265.
ACCOUNT TYPE	ANNUAL PERCENTAGE YIELD (APY)1	RATE	MINIMUM DEPOSIT TO OPEN OR EARN APY
7 Month CD/IRA CD Special	5.100%	4.985%	$5,000
9 Month CD/IRA CD Special	5.000%	4.889%	$5,000
13 Month CD/IRA CD Special	5.000%	4.889%	$5,000
15 Month CD/IRA CD Special	4.250%	4.169%	$5,000
24 Month CD/IRA CD Special	4.000%	3.928%	$5,000
1IRA CDs and business CDs cannot be opened online and must be opened in-branch. CD Special rates must be requested when a CD is opened or renewed in-branch.  There is a substantial penalty for early withdrawal from a certificate account. Fees could reduce earnings on accounts. Refer to account Disclosures for more information about these accounts. Please note that CDs cannot be renewed online, however they can be renewed by calling our Customer Service Center at 877-668-2265, through secure conversations in Online & Mobile Banking, or by visiting your nearest Brookline Bank location.
Building a CD Ladder for Return and Liquidity
Spreading deposits over multiple CDs with short-, medium-, and long-term maturities provides greater liquidity than a single long-term CD, while still earning a competitive rate of return. Once established, “laddering” has your CDs maturing regularly for immediate use or for re-investing into potentially higher-yielding, longer-term CDs. For more information, speak to a Brookline Bank representative.
Benefits of a Brookline Bank CD
You can use your CD balances to help offset your PREMIERACCESS or ACCESSPLUS Checking monthly maintenance fee, and add your CDs to your checking statement for easier management.  Plus enjoy the peace of mind that comes from knowing your deposits are insured by the FDIC. 


